[Music]
Oh
all
[Music]
my
Tonight on the screen you will see everything
know with news that catches you Don't you
You will be able to move fresh gossip, laughter and passion
Get ready for action, let's go
noes teen
sing, roar and have fun at the show
It will catch you and will not let you go
[Music]
Plus everything that happens on TV here
you are going to
Listening to each story will move you.
the night can't stop let's go what
It happens on TV, here you'll hear it
Each story will thrill you all night.
can't stop, let's go, what are the nights?
that go
sing secrets drama and fun the
The show will captivate you and you won't want to leave.
[Music]
[Applause]
more let's go queie
the nights will take you
enchant secrets drama and fun the
show will aar you and don't give it another thought
Everything that happens on TV is here.
listening to each story will make you
thrill the night you can't stop let's go
that the nights will be with you
enchant if you want drama and fun
will catch you
[Music]
no let's go let's go family But what is this
what [ __ ] madness what [ __ ] madness but
We are here, a lot of people
waiting tonight for this moment of
give yourself a year a year family good How
You are First of all How have you thrown
the Sunday well or
that I still have a cold I still have a very
I think you'll notice that I have a cold in La
Voice surely now that I have a voice of
singer since I had my nostrils operated on
nzales because it is very noticeable, I don't know how
there is the sound how is the sound continues
going down Okay I have to touch something
I knew I had to come here.
over here with you before
Marina will come in, okay? Hello, hello. Of course, already.
It's not going to lower the volume anymore.
the volume is not going to go down any further because it is already
I've even put the headphones on now
Yes, it is not very clear. It is that today is
a special night with the family is not
special for you tonight
I ask, I ask, tonight is not it
special for
You today finally after a year
that has abandoned us but for
major causes obviously eh Although
has been aware of everything that
everything we have been living in the
recent months especially no and has been
pending on us, well, now
You know there was a day ago
exactly one year is that it was also the
25th I think September Marina us
communicated that a had to be taken
time we wouldn't know how long it would be
But well, obviously, he doesn't.
We can say more than here he had his home
and here we were waiting for the return
Here were their Sundays and here were
their Wednesdays and evidently so it has
been Marina is here okay Marina is already
comes back and announces that of course
We're going to be here every Sunday and
every Wednesday and we're back to it
that we left, okay, let's go back to Sundays
and on Wednesdays where Marina and I go
to be here the two of us gossiping, eh?
reviewing a little of the current events bringing
sometimes from time to time some
interviewed and things like that okay
also of course remind you that the
Monday the playpen that I put there
name is valid for the section we are going to be
with Alanne FJ Elena and Consuelo Sor
Gossip Oh, I don't want to leave myself
Carmen of course my Carmen for
supposed No who can Every day the
Monday night we will be around
here okay this week I just got it
write the personal trainer now
while the intro was playing
again I have to train at 10
the night therefore the
programs I will talk to these people about it
but either we move them to 11 or we
We move at 8, I don't know, I don't know about you.
What I preferred, I think you will
like more Well, I don't know the truth what
Do you prefer to put one at 8 or 11?
survey please there well eh I think
I don't need to tell you all
that I took good care of her, it's worth it
receive with much affection I believe
that obviously you are going to treat her
she better than me at 11 to 8
11 to 8 to 10 Maria Jesus but
If I'm saying that at 10 I'm going to
train that the boy cannot Maria
Jesus does his thing, Mary Jesus does his thing
his ball is not at 10 for the [ __ ] already
and [ __ ] the coach
Let's see, I don't know, I don't know, I think at 8 no
It's wrong because it's still night
It ends at 10, I'm leaving at 10 on the dot.
and whether you like it or not, who knows?
join at 10 to watch TV or to see
YouTube or whatever Well you can see it
Even though it was at 8 Hey, here in
YouTube what we have is that you don't have
why see things in strict simo
Direct Okay then we'll go now
seeing well it's 10 o'clock sharp
o'clock I think the time has come
family
I think the time has come
Robin family Don Francisco Javier
I want you to talk to me about yourself today.
I have put on a jacket, I want you to
Please speak for yourself
Okay, I like it live at 11
Well I think 11 is fine but
Well, I have to discuss it with the
collaborators
ok without more
Good laps
nights but But what about time what about
How much time has passed since you didn't
gave way heart How beautiful you are How
You are so handsome
wow, very strange, oh my goodness, I am
super nervous or so good night to
everyone is even shaking and
everything or rather I feel that it is like the first
time I appear as on the screen of
something like if I were 18 years old and
I swear I'm trembling
eh or so but trembling trembling I feel
it's very strange
being here and that is my channel too
we have not lost the
contact I have to say that we
we have continued talking constantly
even well this year we have
seen at the end of the year was not when we
we saw not in the new year I couldn't start the
year with you Javi how beautiful How beautiful
Eh, we didn't see each other again in Madrid for
something you were already on sick leave for No, no, that's me
I think it was before I think it was before
my goodness, I'm n
eh I'm nervous I hope people like me
excuse me today eh that to the
better to ROM is that yes I am
overwhelmed because eh people I mean so much
on Twitter as on Instagram as on the
street that I have already told you several times
I say how YouTube moves How it moves
telesalseo the people on the street super
affectionate
eh yeah let's go super everything and I'm really excited
and it's not that I already knew that fear of
excite Okay, I don't care because
Getting excited is nice, there are a lot of people
people who are afraid of getting emotional
always afraid of crying in public
to show their vulnerability
feelings Because I understand that also
There are people among all good people
There are always rabble. No, and those rabble. Well.
many times always Take out your your
guts not to hurt you but oh well
I think there are times when it's worth it.
share things and there are people
Here really Javi that I think you
I have been commenting on it in general terms and
all super pretty that during all
this time, including you, that you have
been there eh has always been there with
a message with a text of this super
Something super deep is felt and it seems to me
I think there are some really cool people sometimes.
one doesn't happen to you that you lose a little
faith in humanity and more dedication
I have a lot of problems with YouTube.
very often we go more than the most of the
that should happen to me but yes yes yes it happens
Very much. Well, as you have done well.
said We have been in contact
And things have changed a lot in
We are going to do some aspects myself
I think we're going to do like three blocks
tonight But well it all depends on
as it comes out because I think there is
some surprise out there I think it's going to
there is someone who loves you
say hello eh anyway I don't know if I should open
even the audios so that people
I can send you audios What happens is that
We could stick here until 2 o'clock
the morning but there are many things that have
changed
eh in the world of youtubers and in
the world of celebrities has also
many things have happened, it has been a year and
Well, eh, I don't know if maybe First
you wanted to give a little explanation of
What happened, why haven't you been?
here and others that there were many people in his
day but this always happens no eh Although
We believe that we do not and even if we believe that we do not
that there can't be people with him
heart so black and so rotten always
there are always, always speculations
the nonsense and the antics and in the
moment that Marina had to take some
days I lie
I found out the same day that I think
the same day you called me and told me
Javi Mira this is happening to me I have to take
a few days and obviously as it cannot
be another way because Marina and I
apart from being colleagues
work we are friends we do not have one
a certain friendship and I say this to few
people the truth already already
You know, but then things got complicated.
more I mean actually first Well I was going to
be a move and then things get
It was getting a little more complicated and for me
Marina did
the best thing that could have been done
It was a good time
eh And exploit and squeeze that time
as much as he could because as I already told you
from the first day I telesalseo your house
eh I created the account obviously I have
other programs and obviously I think
content here on telesalseo but it's yours
house also obviously and would have
after a year two would have passed
three would have passed here were yours
Wednesdays and your Sundays just as you
you were and so it has been okay just as you
You told me I'm already here, so you are here.
It would have been Sunday Wednesday as if
you would have liked to change it to Thursday
and Monday is okay You know what happens well yes
yes speak speak Forgive me today I am serious
and all cautious But this is not known
people get used to it that from the beginning
next day 100% is the No no there is no
a new Navy what happens is that today
I'm like excited, I'm sad but
already from the next day it is the one of
always but in an improved version eh in
improved version you are shy you are not
shy I mean you've lost it a little okay
no no no no no no no
no no no no I mean the previous one is the same
What happens is that today I feel very
you're really excited
shame now you have known the
shame now suddenly no no eh Ah
Ah now as soon as we are with the laughter
I have told Marina too.
been saying many times during this
year I was looking forward to it coming back but
not only for the community that
also but because I know that she and I
Here we have chemistry, we put on our
we have a laugh at me
It suits me very well because I have a
obligation to have a schedule and a
I mean, be careful, many people say that
like Marina is also accusing me of something
little not in the sense that it forces me
here you are going to celebrate a few days and
a schedule that is true is not a lie
ok my god then anyone who
tell me that I channeled that to someone
You tell my grandmother and she doesn't care anymore.
I must be in terrible shape now, I must be in terrible shape now.
I'm in a bad way so you can see no and and
Well, there were people who thought about it and
He speculated with malicious things as if
Marina would have abandoned the community
as if Marina had had to
leave because he
[Music]
important that I think they are
and too relevant Not since you
you were until now in the world of
heart and the TV that we have not touched
to put ourselves a little bit on there no And
Finally, if we have time left
We will play some of the latest songs from
current events you already know Barbara Rey Angela
Rubio and others, come on, Alejandra Rubio, no
you have already forgotten about the
names Alejandra Rubio Yes why have you
Angela said no. Or Alejandra I have.
said is already pulling my ear
but no no no no I said it right
Alejandra Rubio who had a today
row
Also, it's a topic. Look, you know what?
It happens that
and I start talking is it understandable okay Yes
I'm shy I'm shy I think it's the
first time in my life that I know a
little bit shy But this will last me
Now that it's the first day and such then
when I get it again
Javi channel You know that morning is coming back
If you let go, you have to let go. Yes, but
My son, maybe you'll go away for a year.
certain things happen and you come back I said
Angela I said Angela they are telling me
that I have said as you have said Angela you see
It's that my goodness Javi my goodness By
true by the way
eh There is one thing I haven't left but
that I have proposed to myself today during the
today's direct not to do to see if you know the
people what is man you should should
Today people are eager to see you
and if you are removing the camera and that
They're going to argue. Maybe just once is enough.
once as many as you want I don't
command but for me you would do me a to me
you would make me very happy but
not for the live but so that it
you will leave it for the whole day not for
live for the whole day
man if I leave it for the whole day it is
I show up at your house and you see me
climbing on a wall or rather you see me
Let's take your son, I'll eat him, okay, no, no.
not for the whole day without it
Of course, it's obvious that it's not true, eh? Look
How am I? I don't smoke. Look how are you?
without without this fatal I told you take honey
Take some honey tomorrow, you can't be like this.
You can't, I have syrups I'm taking
syrups I'm taking honey I'm taking
taking Look look look how I am Look
How am I? I have the whole desktop
full of pills and things for the
g is you have made a grandfather I think in
In the last live shows you were similar
I also say look, there are people who
They have a tendency to get mean, huh?
I am about to have surgery on the quas that you
take it away, [ __ ] it's very even
survey eh 53 by 8 and the rest at
the 11 you You like you like you laugh the
Wednesday because of course you too
you have to decide the
Wednesday I don't have any at the moment
8 to 11
eh yes it has cut us off eh but it is
which is when the kid can
train and I'm not going to stop training
Well, I'm taking it as it is, people.
that at the same time there are people who at 11
I'm also playing paddle.
Of course, since there is a Navy,
people have I see the 11 truth that we
put it here without haste and then if you
you have to extend it for 5 minutes. It doesn't happen.
nothing No clear Nothing happens but still the
people of course eh same people at 1 already
she's a little sleepy or she puts it on anyway
in radio mode something no or what how it
You see, we are the new Martian Chronicles.
Marina: What time does it get angry?
eh Well that's another topic that we have to
debate also if it is not wrong eh No
it's wrong it's not wrong it's not wrong it's not
Bad Look, I had a very big mouth
but but it has given me it has given me eh the
Another day with naan indri I watched it all
but I think it's more because of the guest
that for him although he has his spark
I thought it was going to lose its essence but
no but no but what are we going to get into now
matter No I want I want to talk first
If I can, eh, of course it's your house, it's yours
home we go in fact eh Wait because
I'll see if I have the possibility here
of dedicating yourself to seeing bread Claro of course No
Man, for God's sake, why are you ashamed?
Now you're going to come to me now with the cuts
and with the ideas let's see let's see It's that
You know what happens? Look at yourself first.
you were saying that in the end
And well, when someone is upset for whatever reason
He doesn't leave a channel, he leaves
your jobs Well obviously what happens
It takes a backseat because I understand.
perfectly that people see or that
I were not even if I were vaden, let's go that
importance is not important but it is important
It's true that Eh, well obviously
He speculates, because he has been kicked out of everything.
their works or that made me laugh a lot
either
Well, this is detrimental to you then.
Of course he has abandoned him because he has given up
account of or or is that look Or rather not me or
I ended up reading some real nonsense.
that affect you at the moment But you know
What happens is that then certain things happen to you
things that I'm obviously not going to give
lessons of nothing nor of abandonment of
nothing because a lot of people live here
things or things happen to him and he experiences things
worse But it is true
that when Well I don't know you have a life
among islands happy that it is true
that I at work level
and I was with seven jobs that I was
crazy
uh honestly and and I'm going to be honest
because I will have many defects but
I am honest, I regret it. It's not that
I regret it because I think everything is a
learning but yes, for example
Now with time, with another perspective
and after xis experiences eh There are stages
at the television level for example at the level
national that I don't regret
but I would change many things Eh In the end
They are bad moments that catch you by surprise
new you don't know very well how to defend yourself
how to act eh you create a shell a
image of you that is not what you really are
It's eh then you feel very On the one hand
you feel very judged on social media
social to me was something that
It affected a lot because I say these people
that he really doesn't know me because he is
saying this barbarity about me if I don't
I'm really like that then I was something
that I have spoken about it many times with the
psychologist I couldn't manage no
I could understand what those people would say
You are one of me but you know a lot of nonsense and
I say I told my mother that
I did my bua I say but why do they say
This if I know I am not like that and
in the end when you see they make so much noise
for so long and with some themes
so polarized that they obviously do not
I don't feel guilty except when you
you involve it on an almost personal level because it
You feel this way, well, it ends up happening to you.
invoice And that is what I have learned not to
doing it again eh was a stage like
of many crazy jobs
That does take its toll on you at a level
psychological at an emotional level No, well
Well, you start a treatment x of
various types I'm not going to count either
Here is my life. Well, why not, no, but
Well, the thing was like this and in the end...
for x reasons also personal that do not
It's my mother's thing because
specialists determined Hey then for
For a little while I was going to do it myself
Way of St. James I told you about it
Recover and come back stronger than ever.
That's what I was going to do then. Okay, now.
when I arrived when I was going to do that
Well, well, in the end I found myself with
the worst news you can find
not what it is then
Calm down, calm down, relax, okay no
Well, in the end it is the person who
You want more, well, eh. It makes me. I mean.
Well, in the end he has a disease
Well, no, there is no cure of any kind.
because it makes me It's not that it doesn't make me
I find the word theme funny
fight there are cancers it seems to me that it is
a big mistake when he lost the fight
battle there is cancer that has no
type of pancreatic cancer that is
The case is a pancreatic cancer with metastasis
that by the way the people who play
with that kind of thing and then people
as we already know who on television that
They invent a pancreatic cancer that if
If I had had it, I wouldn't be here since
then or because it is the sentence of
absolute death for anyone who
has it, it makes me feel very like the word
fight with a lot of being You have to be very
people to invent such a thing
Show for money to crush or for it
that is, you have to be very low and and about
everything has to be very low to support it
and to play with that kind of themes yes
totally then well you get here
evidently when when a when
a person because HM has raised you with
so much love when the bond that
you have that person is so so so so
strong and as special as I have
with my grandmother, there are three of us.
as like a bread Without forgetting the rest of
the family Obviously, obviously, but
evident ssim people you don't hesitate for a minute
In my case I have no burdens, I have no
to leave absolutely everything for
come here no then in the end they have been
10 months in 247 eh In the end you live with
a guillotine because you know there is one
countdown
and well, it has simply been a
discreet year that I have disappeared from
all the sites because it's not that I
It didn't matter at all to me at all.
Exactly the same relativizes that
teru field breaks a foot that eh that it
what was happening in the world saw each
nonsense out there that people were fighting
and in the end, well, my mother, eh or
be a lesson given throughout this
life time of of of of of strength of
of generosity at all levels
that has left me stiff, I have
had to face situations
that I was a very, very person
happy and now I always say how happy I was
and I didn't know it And in the end Well, well
I understand that everyone
hurts the loss of their parents of theirs
children of the people you have with you
links but ultimately for me my mother was
Well my feet my hands and everything
because well I don't have good for what
be then when someone when you
You lose everything in the end.
you feel very very empty and there is
people who have a bond
So I understand that when there is a
very very very strong bond Well the
suffering is comparable not then
Well, I understand that each one takes it in his own way.
a way in the duels the processes eh
They leave is a huge learning experience but
huge at all levels it changes you
relativizes life in a way and you
change the priorities I would have been in
under another circumstance I would have gone to Madrid
But right now, well, I have others.
priorities the work Of course
that is very good and that little by little in
These two months, well, one is getting by.
He's obviously gaining strength little by little.
I have now become a little bit of a dictator
padle absolutely suits me
work little by little forward
but of course Tesal was the first
to whom I return not to the first I am there with
the theme of reason that I will also return to
According to people, they had thrown me out and
well and and and at the end a little at the end of
a year missing because I think not either
I'm obviously going to go into detail
I have to say that all the people have
behaved incredibly well because well
It is also important and gosh the
messages of affection from the people here and
everything in general has been or has been
super positive but how good how good
People say it's the law of life in this
case was not the law of life Because
I was 60 years old but no one should be
They will leave the truth at those ages. That is
no And the way is very cruel you know why
the suffering no matter how much that person
I minimized it because it is like that because Well
There are all kinds of people but my mother was
You're welcome, nothing, everything I could.
minimize generous strong such but clear
In the end it takes you and when you love life
It is a quoted barred word that
that life takes you like this, no then
Well, you try to assimilate and accept.
certain things and that's it and then there are
people that's what I'm telling you, well, eh
for nonsense What is it that you give yourself
tell when these things happen that
They fight and create an absolute drama
that they mount a one I say please I mean
I know this has happened to many people
people no but eh it's that it's absurd it's
that is absurd, that is to say, that life The
Another day I was listening to I don't know what
family say no Well maybe not
We're going this year, I don't know where and within
a couple of years or three but it is that
future or maybe you who
that in 3 years you will be here is
that I, of course, before I counted on, I didn't
I gave importance to those things but it is
that the
see furo be like that and I have given myself
literally tells what it is that is the day
to day But it is something that has occurred to me
has internalized me in such a way
strong you know it's like
and I don't know and then well that's a
little among others because there is something
But well that's the most like that.
reason why in the end, well
During this year you live for and by
and you have no strength I had no strength you
I said it, not even picking up the phone, it's just that
no, you don't want to spend time on anything
because the rest of the world seems like a
little absurd you can escape from time to time
when but but when you are at 100%
because you know that time is running out
you know, it's a little bit, it's a little bit of that and
How do I know that she watched this program?
I was proud of this TV thing
My newspaper always supported me
absolutely everything as long as
This ended. He sent me the message.
I called from here, well, well, well, well
nothing that I somehow try
have faith that at some point,
Well, we will meet again and I hope so.
that she is proud of me whenever I know
yes and nothing
and I can't say anything else. Surely yes. Surely
Yes, my love, I'm sure from where
sea is watching us and continues to watch us
our program and above all all the
steps that you take and sincerely then
As I was saying, they are not
ages in which no one should leave
eh And it's a very hard life injury
because as you have said, Eh no
you know where you are next year no
you know where you are in a few months or
be the truth is that it is incredible and you are
a beautiful person and you don't deserve it
What has happened and well, now
You are seeing your people there, not all of them
the things they are putting on you and
Let's go up, what we want
that I encourage you, no, yes, let's see. It's that I
I knew I knew that the first day was going to
be a little like that because let's see, eh, [ __ ] For
I'd be happy with this as if I were going back to TV.
from Castilla la Mancha that I am
true, I can return to the end of the leaves of absence
eh I'll come back they've also behaved
true or rather it is that no no no I don't have
word eh I know that the day I feel
on that set It's that I'm going to But because at
end I also unintentionally associate with partner
at times when I already had a certain
room and there are some first times
You know that once they pass, well
evidently that will go to less to less to
But what I couldn't do either
is to get here to put on a shell because
I'm not like that and pretend it didn't happen
Nothing to say Hello everyone we started to
Talking about Barbara Rey makes me laugh my head off.
box a kiss that's not me
I understand that there are people who have taken it
taken a lot of confidence with this
community and you felt like they
you actually owed an explanation
apart from the thing about the Let's see, not one
explanation but to talk to them
disart with them I don't understand yes yes yes
yes really yes because for the most part
from this community are people who you
He writes that he sees you as a granddaughter like
a cousin like a sister like a Y of
It's true that it's like being in houses that
This stays here, there will be three that I
Mira will say, talking about the crying mother
Well yes Well yes because for me sharing
the pain Eh I'm not going to talk about
intimacies obviously because it is not
I'm never going to do it but it seems like something to me
psychologist tells me it is necessary and beautiful
and that not everyone is capable and I
I am lucky that I don't have any problems
in verbalizing and expressing the
emotions at a given moment now well
From the next day we return to the
I want to tell you, you know there is there is
moments for everything obviously but
I think today is the first day,
It's not that I owed an explanation but
I've been telling you this for days.
but it is born in me with the people who are
here then share share these
things then Well that's it you know
They haven't written much about you either.
people who have written to you a lot
people have sent you a lot of writing
many messages and that during this year
eh, you would be surprised, that's why
hallucinated every thing that came up that I have
uploaded very little
eh it's that it's an outrage, I mean it's that
One I was hallucinated I say I can't
in general for everything but a lot of people
from here on YouTube that's why I said
My goodness, and my mother told him so too.
I say mom look at all the people who
He writes and such and always told me something
good for you have done and such And I that
Lately I didn't have self-esteem either
very high Well that's why I say that people
who doesn't know me when he judged me
I felt but well that's it, they are
things from the past I understand that not everything
You may like the world but not everyone
the world will like you that only
I understand it perfectly, you know, but
Well, when you finally give it, well, yes, there is.
people also understand everything and
right now for example even though I am a
I'm not very vulnerable anymore, I read things on Twitter.
or I see one and it doesn't accept me, it's because I don't
there is pain, that is, there is no pain and
I see one and I say, poor thing, you know that's what it is?
What do you think? We were talking about that yesterday.
At night you remember on the phone
I told you so, let's see, I don't know if
I don't know if it's a shame or something that
you have to do and what you have to
learn to do If you are going to dedicate yourself to
This is what absolutely blows your mind
but very much, that is to say completely. That is to say
It is neither much nor little, it is complete, that is to say, you
it has to be absolutely the same
all the bad and stay only with
Mimi's comments from Lizard
alanne de paqui de poqua of all
that are there in the community and that is
There are people who use networks as
and as a bag of booze as for how as
When I take out the cocker, it doesn't stop
run because the cockers are very
nervous and you have to get it out of
fogen no e and basically they believe
with the right and maybe not
They feel so much but to reach networks
spit hate spit poison and maybe
tells you the most damaging comment that
It happens to you, okay, and maybe then I'll say
Damn, you know, I'm not sorry, but it's just that
I said to [ __ ] with you, it's like they feel
with the right then maybe it is
one is a comment that hurts you
They do it to you a lot and you see
comments that hurt you a lot and have
hurt and maybe they've screwed you up
day and maybe the one who wrote it
has done it out of vice and without importance
because I felt like it I wrote there and it has been
gone to play a video game or watch the
TV you understand me then it is that you
It has to be completely the same there
that we assume that we are here in public
and nothing Marina and then listen to me okay
I'm already in another episode then the
really also the disappointments that you
you take That I suppose that good that
It is evidently the idea of life that also
They also carry their learning but
disappointments but
disappointments are positive surprises
Look for example Sergi our my Sergi
Sergi save me
that he can't be here because he was going, I think
that was going to come in And such But why is it
working And such But let's go about it now
It has been, let's go, there is no person in life
that it has been overturned more by removing my
great friends from Santander my best
friend from here people from here but come on
has turned out to be incredible and then there is
big disappointments some are here
rolls around here or has rolled around the worlds
from YouTube and the internet that in the end
And well, in the end I think that everything
They are a learning experience and you are giving it to yourself
tell what happens is that as I am
very much about putting your heart into people
with my defects and my
And then you say my God but if to the
This person has used me better.
better this person is not what I thought
but I find it hard to believe that that person
really it was like that you know you say Ah but
Well life No, no, we're not going
to sanctify anyone or anything I lost
contact with everyone this
of youtubers that formed with the tide
I don't know who keeps uploading videos and
Who hasn't already said it many times?
but come on, neither ros nor am I interested
only occasionally I see alber and
to those who collaborate with us, which is
Elena Carmen from Teleindiscreta and all
These people, eh, the others, I don't even know if
They continue doing live or if they continue
making videos and we have already said it and
I have been warning for many months that
You can say whatever you want, I'm not going.
to get into youtuber stuff in this
channel this channel is dedicated to the heart
We are going to put telesalseo back where
It was always there. The truth is that it is
It's true that during the summer I had it a
a little more abandoned because it was like
very busy with the principal and with the
salsa bar with many themes the theme
I also took Daniel Sancho with me to
the main one and then I think that H
We are not going to deal with any more topics than that
are left over and in the end we do not get
benefit and other people maybe not
but I did want to share it with you
for example this beautiful message that
The truth is I thought it was very nice of you
from our colleague alber domenec and you
I'm going to put it on the screen for you.
so that he can see it and we can send him a kiss
very strong to see from here by
supposed healthy competition and I take advantage
Why not from here to give the
Welcome back my partner
Marine
esnal on Sunday returns to another channel
telesalseo but his return is always
good news and she deserves it
also our love Now yes in
healthy competition and I take advantage of competition
from here to welcome you
new to my companion marina esnal
On Sunday he returns to another channel
telesalseo but his return is always
good news and she deserves it
also our love Now
Yes, how nice, a kiss, Albert, a kiss
big is that I think that let's see if I do
I had my own channel too.
what would that mean if someone comes back or
If someone happens to you, it's not always a
words of cordiality respect something
pretty I don't know, it's just that I can't conceive it
life in another way than saying either
We are going to put blue or pink bows but
I don't know a minimum of of of of what
has made alber I don't know I think I don't know
How do you see it? Come on, I see it well.
I don't know why Ah okay okay Yeah yeah
that I had not configured for
listen to it but I say I didn't listen to it
You've all heard it, right? Ah
I heard it, I think so because I
I've heard twice okay okay okay it's
that I didn't listen to him and it was because I didn't
I had given it here one by one little key
I don't know if you want to comment anything else about
the topic of your return eh how have you
senses has missed us a lot Yes
yes I do sometimes sometimes yes
It's true that I already know that you don't like that
I tell you this but I put you to sleep
like but yes let's see No it's not that no
I like that you sleep with me but
Sure That sounds like boring No no
Uh, watch out. Now we can warm up.
No, I mean, I'm here dying, I say.
Well, okay, it's a special night, but now
I'm already dying of heat here.
You've seen everything, I'm already drunk, okay? And that's it.
for the community well you have passed the
American is like the I don't know the Western
I don't know what the tattoos with the little shirt mean
of the
neighborhood Let's get comfortable but but
listen to me but listen to me to see what for
I have to say a few things when I return.
Listen to me and I was putting you to sleep but I have
to say that eh as during all this
I have long rejected the heart a little
because I didn't want to know anything I've been
always seeing you at the salseria this is
strong always no not very good or rather
the salsa is very powerful Yes yes and the
main no no I don't know if it is
powerful or not but that's what we're going to do
I think the sauce shop right now No
better than here no no no but come on
You put me there and let's go and I'll break it.
I really like the salsa bar, I'm telling you.
the themes the themes of the salsera la
It is true that they have accompanied much more
During the summer we have had debates
We have had very strong nights in the
sauce shop eh tremendously scandalous
eh last night last night we had a
brutal debate and a great moment in the
salseria And yes it is true that the
matters of the heart have not accompanied
so much During this summer I had not
I left I when you left I
No, I didn't leave the Canal aside at all.
I don't even remember in fact
when I went to visit you I spoke to you
how things were going Things were going very well
They continued to do very well on the channel and
It has been the summer that is true
that the issues have not accompanied now
also
Hey, he's back, save me, not to this thing.
YouTube we have to talk about it
Well, I hope we give a little bit of
game and if not, then we'll take care of it
we of me a little the wasp nest no
Marina man Here we are going to move to
wasp nest looks during this time has
There had been but I didn't even feel like it
four or five pieces of information or things that
I knew And what do I say but I say I pass I say
or we're going to go out again
street let's see eh of course the thing is that no
Of course because the thing is that I now
Same I am in Santander what happens is
Yes, I will go down to Madrid from time to time.
from time to time So when I go down I will
I'm going to go to But if I know that I
I always told you about going to events
which was my sauce to catch them
characters and such I didn't see you so
as excited as I was when I was going to the
street and that I believe that people
he liked no Or he didn't like them believe No no
Yes, yes, I like it a lot, eh. Yes, yes, I do.
me man Remember the great m that is
let the people remember the great ones
great moments with
Roco you know that it would have been cool
another other day how are you
San Sebastin has been the cinema
yes to nothing hour and a half F you Cool would have
been there with Johnny from me
would have been accredited would have been In addition
My English is fantastic and yours is
divine or rather man please my English
Now I'll read you, now I'll read you, let's see
Read me something read us something in English for
wait for it phrases in English in English
Let's see the 47 most popular English phrases
beautiful and inspiring but then you have
that you read something not
I'll go to the one you tell me. I'll read the phrases.
pretty in English
Okay, don't let fear
you I like
chocolate you
Imagine
B in this moment on the diet What is ming
I don't know at the moment
I'm ah I like chocolate a lot but
I'm on a diet right now.
clearly stated, per diet is not worth it
bey beholder Not bad not bad
but it can be done
better
Wow, you want me to interview Laxa, go
pruning
My God Monte but here Monte is
respect now eh Because he is a very good friend of
a friend
Mine is a friend of a friend of yours, so nothing
I gave him silver coins to sing
but live You'll see the wedding
I was thinking about adding a section
in telesalseo Ah well
look you think that you think that
It would coincide, well, look, you can read it.
ask for p as he didn't know who he was
Well maybe now he has been informed and
And what do you think I didn't talk to the other about?
day eh was more in a video call because
My colleague called me and I was with him
because so many days so many days together and
then I was with him and there he told me
introduced himself and I met him and such. Hey what?
You think carefully, eh? Because the extracts already
I don't upload them here on telesalseo because the
People get angry at me. Ah, but no re-uploads.
I know that here in telesalseo they are
the live newscasts and when
I can try to upload videos no eh How
For example, I made a video of Cristian
galve and
Almudena I made a video of the queen I made a
gorgeous video of Queen Letizia
It already has a hundred thousand visits but
I upload the extracts to the lollipop and
The other day Antonio David gave us a
strike you don't know let's see this is the one
moment when I get the surprise no
You know I can't pretend, I know it, of course.
I know it Of course I know it What do you think?
that attack but listen to me to see the end
I need to know all the information
just as is to give a good opinion
eh the strike was not real not in the end
Yes man I don't know why it appears to me
me in the in the [ __ ] that strike
It is dated August 30th but 30
August is almost a month away and for us
He notified us the other day but we are going once
one week up one week down
It doesn't matter, or rather, he has put it now for the
face let's see let's see I'm going to
start putting generals in Bereng
Well in general Bereng No, if it is that
look at something else Look, I'm going to go to you
showing my new learnings is worth it
Another thing I've learned is Yes yes it is
Let's see, one can give her opinion
because a long time ago I was like
I say comita but let's see why not
I can say whatever I want
really with respect but whatever you give me
I say if someone bothers you, I'm going to say it.
that there is a problem that I think the
problem here is the problem is the
fanaticism this extreme each one of us can
say whatever we want and no one will
has a reason to come to insult or to
criticize or the problem really
They have them. So it's good for me that
Antonio David or Pepito or Pepito Prez
Margarita six fingers eh And in this case
Antonio Daviz, I'll also give you a strike.
It seems to me that I obviously think it is
something that is obviously personal
It is not something, it is not something casual or that
really that
video that was out look I have to
There is information here that I cannot
say you are interrupting me no no but
It is important that there is information
that I can't say but apparently
There were attempts to master others
companions and they are not They are not companions
opposites anton That is, there are some that
I don't know if they would get a good or a bad one.
surprise one of it is V okay You can okay
I can understand you, okay, it was going to be put on
like crazy but color
mine Okay, even though I'm still thinking what?
coincidence. So, of course, okay. It's that
I first of all when you do it
you raised it like this I say okay if he is
current I and I associated it evidently
that you expos es the sentence of eh
favorable to Mara Patio I associated it with that
But if you tell me you have more time
Obviously there is no such thing.
It has a route, okay? No, he hasn't sent it.
strike people who have rationed
things of his has given news of his
channel and has struck but people
that protects him people who defend him or
so it's not that for example look at me or
I obviously don't have it, I don't have it
knowledge would only be missing that you have
only the ones you have were missing
YouTube but you don't need to have them to
knowing that he was a crack in the
television and he handled it very well
television but obviously I think that
YouTube is too big for that level and
I think he is not aware that he was already part of it
of the rules of Youtube that the
content that can be used to
react that you are not committing
nothing illegitimate or how do you say it? How
It is said that you are not doing anything
that cannot be done and obviously
I believe I do not believe anything illegitimate Yes illegitimate
Okay
eh I don't understand what bothers you
that kind of thing to this one in addition to these
heights, that is, suddenly when you are carrying
eh with each other and with each other for 3 years
With this topic he is a public figure
Well, and he's also a YouTuber.
So when you have a news O
has something newsworthy of public interest
It is normal for people to react and not
I understand a strike because I understand that
a strike I don't know if with a strike you get
I can knock something down for you or not. Let's see.
to win obviously because it is
fraudulent is not right and I'm going to
win already in fact they have passed I don't know
how many days have passed I haven't worn the
calculation but during the next week
I will surely notify you that I have
cattle But I think that I don't know anymore
try to get rid of the channel if you
it says yes yes yes Imagine that I
catch me with two other strikes he throws at me
channel doesn't show me all the channels
YouTube Because if they throw one at you, they throw you
all those who are
linked It is that the intention
it is evidently
It's that no. I mean, in the end he plays with
the bread which is something of which he
What he was really complaining about to me is that in the
life would occur to me to do something like that
intention is obviously no no no no it is not
that I don't understand vengeful. That is me
I also think that he has gone, eh, or rather, where he should not
you have to go you are not the enemy
people here are not the enemy I think
I think he has his sights set wrong.
is coming back to haunt you
putting many people against
manner
unnecessary to me if I give my opinion at a level
I no longer have staff, I have absolutely no staff
nothing to say nor good And if I have it
I don't have to say anything bad either.
To say it at this point gives me
Exactly the same, they, that is, one side Yes
I mean, I want to tell you how
professionally yes Imagine that
has a partner and wants to do it
public gets married or something like that I will comment on it but
is that at the level
Hey, I'm telling you, there are few, there are few.
news that come out of it to see the
Another day the sentence of Mara Patio eh
It is also that there are few truths.
few news comes out of it
The truth is that I don't understand why it is either
so angry with criticism because neither
that he is mentioned a lot, that is
besides me and me You know that me
It is surprising that he is angry with the
criticism that he has been in for 25 years
television and knows perfectly well what
They are on the front line and enduring
supporting and that he has generated it he has
generated that conflict has lived
conflicts were strong at the level
scandalous at the level but heavy and that
for four things on YouTube to a
level Understand me much lower than of
impact that what the years were
2000 that watched program 6 million
people and that he has known how to handle himself
the conflict here is as if so
The one that jumps You know It surprises me quite a bit
So I don't understand your attitude, I don't understand it.
I understand that I have not shared it for a long time
I respect him but well I think that
In the end, one thing was to defend his cause that
I think we all did it each from
where we did it eh I keep thinking
same in that topic s Because I continue
thinking the same now about everything
other mastercard not even equal
same same same same like no one to me
interpreter but H I see him as a person
Let's see that since I'm already able to touch him
the bread to someone eh I don't see it as a good one
person eh I mean I thought he was
no gam berrill I don't know what I don't know how much
but I'm already seeing things that aren't
I like them. That is, the same image as
I had of him when I commented on the
documentary no laeng t now that is
Of course, don't you think that I think that F is already to me
that sincerely eh I don't care is that
I don't care anymore. Eh, yes, it went away.
falling or rather falling But he and more he and
more Eh yes but because in the end when you
You mean as much as the best You
you have the capacity but I do have it
It's true that I Bum got involved And that's
a mistake of mine and it falls off you
It's falling, it's falling, let's see.
things that I don't want to tell either that are
more private than good meetings looks
But well, you are falling because you are going
seeing how they work Well, for interests
They manipulate from one side, they manipulate from the other and
It is like that, then it gives me what I want.
It's a shame now he'll say Uh now the
criticism is added is not what I think and I
I have lived it and the 100 ladies who
I respect them. I think it's great that
They are at home, struggling for that
person who seems to be in love
or not that they have nothing else to do
that seems great to me it seems to me
great eh They are not able to look with
with with objectively a little that Hey
that not everything is so good that not everything is
so wonderful and good And many things
that we know and it's good that action is being taken
how to act and that's it, eh?
I prefer honesty with truth
and be authentic, not sibylline
with nonsense and with you know what, you don't know what
that things are seen, at least I see them
I see, let's see what do you think because of course he told us
has given us a strike but
precisely one of the last
controversies in which he was fatal imo eh
that I recently found out about
because a because that youtuber is
My acquaintance is an acquaintance, remember?
who makes some great videos on the subject
from TV it turns out that Antonio David
comes across a video of that
youtuber but I'm talking to you about
videos you know like the ones I make in
the main channel that is more elaborate
with edition no with with emeroteca with
compilation with script is worth or rather r
watch some videos that are very good
put yourself imagine Martian Chronicles Ah you
talks about chronicles
Martians, how was their story?
elaborate elaborate V worked Okay and
and of course he finds a video of
remember Marina and upload it to her channel
from YouTube 40 minutes of video That is
It's not like a click
reaction no no no 40 minutes of video
He uploads it to his channel. That is, he is
with that video he likes the video and
considers that he has the right to upload it to
your channel that was tremendous aunt but for
but that doesn't fit with what I think
who then preaches No it's not heavy and
Besides, the boy realized it, I think.
that I saw something on Twitter because I think that
It went viral so I got it
on Twitter and something above But
But Ah yes And then he came out putting
a tweet that that that Ah okay I already AC F
unintentionally it was unintentionally it was by
mistake but you see me there I look but
Listen, listen to me, honestly.
Honestly I do that which I wouldn't do and
If I do it then I say I would feel so
what would be wrong with me saying, forgive me?
I've done this, never let that guy happen again.
self-criticism please self-criticism is that
Please, I don't know the YouTube rule.
whatever you know something like that is that I
true But if we all make mistakes
errors, yes, well, errors to see
But Marina, a mistake, a mistake is to put yourself
the socks inside out that you
you find in a clear channel no errors
I mean doing things wrong
bad because it's terrible, that's why I'm morro
It's not a mistake, that's having nerve.
But that's why, of course, but what has happened?
done wrong but far from assuming it is
far from assuming that it is good that
It was a mistake That's why I say F for you
error you put the you take away the I don't know what
You put the holing on it, I wouldn't even know.
do it like this you know but oh well
eh I don't know about me, I'll tell you that topic that
Luckily, this whole 2021-2022 thing
It's already happened Although I see that it continues, it continues
bringing cola on networks, I mean I think he
topic no Yes man of course now it came out
Now Maria's sentence has come out
he put that he was expecting a lot
you want it or not because there are pending things
with that topic, few, eh, I mean, really
eh apart from Maria's sentence
Patio what can remain
earring
eh u e the one of uprising of good It is already
not the uprising of good that is
important eh man that
It's bad, yes, but I don't know why it takes so long.
It's been a while since I've already lost it.
lost memory justice so it
Justice is that slow, yes it is slow
slow is slow is slow but I think that
It is the release of assets and I believe that
already
No, this week I have a trial, eh?
I am a Witness in a I am not a Witness for
Good luck with this one, okay, but it's a topic
very very strong eh it is a judgment of Oh yes
My Navy has fallen Ah, it's not a trial
of the Dallas one, eh, that I am a witness and
He filed this complaint in
2019 Well 2019 but this topic comes from
2016 that they did not return the dog to him
I know what first claimed it for the civil
He won for the civilians, they did not return it to him
Now for the thought Ah about the dog
I'm still looking at that topic. I don't know.
If on Thursday or Tuesday or around there, I don't know.
what day do I have to look at it on the calendar
Well, I already have an agenda, eh, look, I have an agenda.
because I don't understand what it is
I have every day the things that I have
Marina's case and I have Hey but what
How beautiful this is, it doesn't seem like it's going to happen
changing cameras like this pin Pam Oye
but this is nicer being alone here
I don't know but it's nicer than when
I'm not here, that is, it's like they go
changing the cameras alone but I don't
I have touched nothing, I don't know how it is
automated which is very slow is very
slow justice remember that the case
From Diego Arrabal for example this one comes
from 2012 13 or also late late late
late and Ah he resorts now now two or
three years
more is very slow very slow but already
removing that uprising from
He comes, he has not asked for anything else or anything
and besides he says no I'm going to sue
everyone who calls me an abuser and
things like that to see documentary was in the
2021 well next year already pre
write let us remember yes let us remember that that
It's been 4 years, it's been 4 years, let's remember
deand that the last day is not coming
not timed because it no longer makes sense
I know there's no point in waiting for the wrong thing.
I attest that I had everything, everything.
everything everything everything everything everything in No la
True, I see that claim won if it is
files a lawsuit against the man himself
What happens is that of course you know what happens
to the TV factory and now what?
Because of course the TV factory that is
dissolved Ah well but but it's them
are the
same who man Oscar and Adrian no yes
What happens is that if the factory of the
tele eh when it dissolved it happened aele or so no
I imagine that there will be
any way to do it if not imagine
we [ __ ] here on everything
whatever we want and whenever we get involved
In some mess we dissolve and open another
you know no ah
What happened to the already I don't know I don't know
I don't know I don't know but yes So that is
there was Well tell me tell me tell me no no tell tell
You were going to change the subject, you were going to
To change the subject, you were going to talk to me about now
They haven't asked me about Marta again.
by Marta with
our what do you tell me because this too
that has happened, this has happened too
during your absence the hurricane
Marta in the new SV how did you feel?
with that Look, no, I'm going to see you, Marta.
He wrote about my mother and such.
I appreciate it, let's see where it is.
Marta, that is, Marta doesn't come here to
receive me I am It is likely that
come see you're going ahead but it's
It is likely that it will happen tonight.
It's out there but it's likely to be
pass yes
eh of course It's that since we don't have
to comment on his relationship that I when
I saw her boyfriend please when I saw her
first time boyfriend in a photo like this
from the I say
She's back with Antonio David, it gave me a
air in a photo the first the first
that I saw there was a photo Now no more but
I say the little beard and such I said to my God yes
It seems then I didn't say why
Please, I don't see any resemblance. Look, I'll go.
to be very let's see if for this reason it is going to
Saying that it's not going to come in, I'm not going to be very
Honestly, I'm going to go from bad to good, okay?
the evolution that I see DEA for a moment please
Pili don't ban people don't ban the
people Just because they put things
everyone has the right to put what
that
want that we envy you Antonio
David because we have few visits then
That's it, but that's not why you get banned, man.
please
but everyone can put whatever they want
Of course not, but the truth is that I'm jealous.
No, it's not the case. But well, people.
You have the right to have an opinion. Yes, of course, of course.
clear to see the hurricane
Marta: Well, look.
from the very first moment I thought
Hey, he's lost his dignity, that was my
first thought When I saw her there I said
phew, what are you doing? I never did that.
I would have made a program like this where
you have
destroyed that you have denounced
publicly both Mara Patio and
Jorge Javier even if he is not there but
Well, like the TV factory, huh?
with its two owners Oscar and Adrian who
They are the same ones who are here
behind eh As to the directives as
absolutely everyone you are with
working now I said ugh what did you just do
do eh you're putting your mouth of the
wolf they are going to use you they are going to destroy you
horror I say when I saw myself when I saw the
I said I saw the interview, I saw it all.
I really said nothing new because here it is
has told almost everything that has
told there here
eh Yes yes yes yes em
[Music]
Yes, it is true that later in the
This interview is without many surprises.
then I have to say that his conflict with
Beln this initial Man is that it seems to me
familiar because I am with Beln too
I had a little bit of that, not like that, but a little bit
those are those two encounters and me me me me
entertained me, entertained me because it was very
funny Although Marta was crawling a
little but I understand that it is part of the
show And I said Marta daughter and I kept thinking
are using and I didn't like it but yes
It is true that as things went by,
weeks eh I have to say that I have always
said that she as a reporter seems to me
very good eh I think it doesn't have
filter sometimes maybe a little
excessive not having eh Look at her eh
but I think she's a great reporter.
that is, he achieves what no one else achieves
because he has more nerve than nerve
As a reporter she is very good
collaborator Hey there he is, he's gone
gaining his place I think he has remained silent
some mouths eh the truth is that
I understand that we were not even there
lowered the tone a little H Well, because not
have a budget to pay for the
demands they had before then
obviously removing some nonsense
that we will comment on what they have had
some carelessness if you notice they have not
crossed the red lines that
They used to transfer before because they don't anymore
No no, they can no longer pay the demands.
They can't risk it. Then yes.
It is true that I see Marta well.
I don't know what he will charge, he won't charge
supposed price which is obviously is
lower at first have
risky eh with almost zero benefit
investing but the role of Marta La
The truth is that I see it as quite necessary
That is to say, to me Marta initially is in fact
of the ones I like the most there and there are things
that I have left over there are things that I would change
I don't understand that well but but Hey
In the end, well, look, it's not so bad if she
is comfortable
eh And I understand that this is not a save
It's a war of audience egos
three million out of four something more
little one more familiar Well I think that
It's pretty good, really, and with
This boy, of course, how do you know what's going on?
Since I've hardly ever been on Instagram, I don't know.
If Marta has had those again
behaviors on Instagram that a
I, deep down, I, deep down, I, deep down, I,
had a good time with Marta's chapa of her no
let's call it brot because it's ugly
but when he went a little and such
and it started there in let's see but it was bad
Of course because we are not Brotel
saying when when the person is mentioned
brot I remember that she gets angry
a lot but a sprout is used
colloquially also or rather it is not
clinical we are not talking about something clinical
I, at least in my case, do not speak of
something clinical but I'm talking about eh that
you explode like for example when you put the
title I don't know who exploits okay eh but
yes it does
little precisely was denouncing
eh harassment and insults and so on Because it
They are putting their weight in the return
from the holidays people are like no other
He said that there were people throwing him in
Marina, I'm also freaking out. Sorry.
is that many people say that I have with
a lot of this with Marta but it's just that
I'm freaking out, they were claiming no
to have not to have
thinned you know where I think that
That's where the problem lies, apart from the fact that people
She's [ __ ], eh, people of that type
people come on I think the problem is in
that she has a good problem in that she in
social networks I think the first in
that sense that is not equal It does not end
accepting herself and how she puts them
These filters are for losing weight, etc., etc., and
then people see something else. Well,
better people but from there no one has
Nobody has the right to insult her
to mess with his physique no one although
She has also done it in some
occasion But well I think it's a little
So
eh but but yes the people who
I would love to see people telling you
That weight thing you know to me I would love to
I would love to but the weight, the face and
everything eh but yes but his stitches I in
the bottom to see if it fits man to see if
come in we have had you already know that
we have had our talk with her
by phone this afternoon in case you wanted
pass by and is with her boyfriend in one
romantic thing in one of this romantic
So the boyfriend thing is the boyfriend thing.
Seriously. Well, look, at first I
I say I think it's how I said it the best
Now when we were in the intro
precisely at 21:52 I have
asked what time we were going
I imagine he's going to try to be there
send you a message or come in or whatever
But well, if not for another day
She comes, she passes by here a lot, eh?
the other Yes I think that one day but
but yes but now for example eh look
that I at the beginning of his relationship with
This guy, I thought, what a horrible fart
I thought I say I think this is for
make Antonio David jealous at first
But hey, the boys are still there either.
The boy Hey sings very cute, I've already seen them
seen him do some little song, I say look
how good I don't know I see it as stable I don't know
Yes, I'm worried and everything, no, no, no, damn it.
Marta stable is not Marta yes yes but
Well, I'm glad, to be honest.
deserves is very good to
m not You as always we tend again
the discussion here looks at the people here
Javi always knows when defending Marta
and here the rest of us remain as we are
always Marta always Marta nothing that
we each have our sacred cows
For example, you like him very much.
Alejandra Rubio
No, but you don't like this girl.
Don't [ __ ] with me, sea, you don't like me.
nobody you no Marta Yes Marta Yes Marta yes
eh I don't stay with Marta before with
Alejandra, well, look at this topic, yes.
I wanted to comment on it maybe
We are going live to comment on this
topic please eh Let's see it's that Alejandra
Rubio Ah but by the way finishing it
of
Marta How you were right about many things
things
eh Let's see I know that
Oh yes Oh it's so beautiful and besides it's
That's good, I don't know if people will have it
understood but enough good
and have you found out? Yes, yes, yes, I have
understood, of course I have found out about everything
but yes, in the end, damn it all came true
everything, let's see, was fulfilled, yes, but I
I know the important thing is that when
Well, look, she has rebuilt her life.
and he, well, I don't know, his monera too.
you need to have a partner
It's better for her than for him not today
today it is not that I, from what we see, yes
Because we don't see anything clear about him.
he is now or rather Understand me no no
We see nothing beyond their live shows
YouTube you know if he has a partner I don't
not a couple, no, but they have arrived to me.
sometimes information So a little
ugly but of course as I have no way of
contrast it 100% you know because you don't
I have been able to give but bombs faith of Problem
maybe some things I think I don't know I don't know
Let's see, I don't know with the looks, no
we are going to understand each other problems problems
and things like that, things that I do believe there are
something Yes
Yes, they are things that would have been, they are things that
would have come out if he were on your side
still current and of interest but
is that you see that not even the thing of
Mara Patio's case has not even been mentioned
given a lot of hype Eh Well they pay nothing
to Maria Patio and that's it, you know.
why it has not been given hype
YouTube on television, that is, good or
that we went because it is Maria's responsibility
Patio and such. Of course, but if not, then it's a
topic that is covered in the media on television
He is dead but on television he is
They play four songs now that's it
We will also talk about that is the thing
Thank goodness we're going to stir up the hornet's nest.
Here Javi, starting next day no no
But we're going to make a mess, I'm telling you.
Yes, let's go later, Alejandra Rubio
I need a second to process this.
But why But why do you appear from
suddenly you and stays because you have
removed the camera no but not the other time
It didn't appear as my black hole. Ah
but let's see, always leave space but in
This time how do we follow you?
listening but but calm Calm
calm down look r no no no no no this
deserves it eh but let's see this is you
breaking the promise is what you have done
as you have made as a promise to the
beginning of the live show but there's a tangaa
You're not breaking the thong, but it is
What I feel is that I get nervous
you understand it okay okay Yes of course I have
came with that yellow jacket today
anyone would put on
nervous I don't blame you because because
Let's remember that Aha Yvon Reyes threw you
the junk is totally understandable
totally understandable, Marta
Riesco said that he was his prototype
done the same you have an idea about the boy
This one, who else hit on you?
Chava no vaer Mania is telling you that
looks like everyone looks like
Antonio looks like me but I don't know.
It may look like Antonio to me or it may look like
m or looks like
[ __ ] looks like jot red hair too
let's see
Clear up, well, you're still the same.
of good rice that you always know No
better better you see it better
better [ __ ] Look let's take a look at
There was a video today but I didn't catch it
but people start posting my clips
of of
months years ago or whatever and and I
they put a click of a space that
we were doing you were there was the
Larne was coming in people were
Enrique
and I say I [ __ ] on myself if I look like or
he looked much older eh I told you
I swear you're not old even if I call you that way
people you nor old house no no [ __ ]
It would be good at 39 years old, he's old
Tell me how you are living this new life.
Alejandra Rubio's stage and it is that already
You know that my relationship with her is so
pretty eh also good this new stage
by Alejandra Rubio I live it
eh Look my mother is that when we
We heard the news that we
We went bald. Well, she
literally to the poor girl and me for doing
a little humor bald cheeks Eh no
I can do this, I can't do this, look
Here I am going to be hyper mega sincere
Look at me when the day that came out
Good news, they are delighted to see each other
in the wave in little window
Of course, because what we were missing was
Hello, with the new owners, of course.
that not only The Quan 20 years ago 20 years ago
years They do not know in the olola nor of
Joke Aha eh the day before I think it was
the funeral mass if I'm not mistaken
Mara Teresa Campos eh I was already telling you
strange but of course nothing suggested that
It was because it was obvious that he didn't even care
[ __ ] joke to everyone I knew
terelu that
and that his daughter was pregnant
So I love it I loved it
when the news broke on social media
social many people
saying What beautiful news the one who cried
Having a baby is good news Congratulations
Ale, congratulations everyone. Oh, one bad that yes.
I love children I love children
but let's see and analyze it
Let's analyze that you were also
young dad, everything is fine, how are you?
we are going to see these two people and no longer
because he that people
He said, no, there's a boy with a
telematic bracelet an ex-convict a
No, not for that mere fact, not even close.
less we are going to see is a person with the
that you've been on for two or three months
Let us remember that the press hesitated
The press caught her. It's that this is what I am doing.
We laughed going to the pharmacy for a
She went out into the street saying says
Alejandra we have seen that it has been for
a pregnancy predictor me but noos
I made up nonsense please but how
can you say Oh please It's that also
He sold so well because he started studying
interpretation So not so bad
Well
in the conclusion that the best relationship
Of all of them it was the father saying good
They are young, what can you do?
I think they are very young, I think that the
father was the most sensible but terelu
pretending to know her
I'm sure he would give her a great [ __ ]
like let's see because it's clear
that has not been sought because it is that
because what happens is that I understand
that they are not going to
count in reality But well that is
your decision and of course respectable and
perfect but man eh I think that one
person no longer because she wants to have
a son with 20 how old are you son me
I was at her 18th birthday, my goodness.
203 24 23 24 it is no longer for that reason but for
the kind of life he leads that we are not
No one to judge but to give an opinion
because he is a public figure then
I think I could have waited
Well yes, for the life that leads 24 no and
You've known Carlo for two
months to me if I have to give my opinion
previous partner that this guy had who
I believe her 100% just as she told him
and as you
He sold, it seems to me like a little character
a little with some features that are a little bit not no
I would trust him too much, listen.
then the boy Maybe suddenly
This is ideal and it is wonderful I think
that this relationship has a date of
expiration eh I hope whoever doesn't pay it
In the end, the child is the one I think is good.
She and she know each other very little and Hey
If they are doing well, great, but I
I think she is deeply in love but
It seems to me that he doesn't And I think he already does
it's going to be bad
I've agreed. In a year it seems to me
I think that relationship does not exist
exactly it seems to me the typical one
relationship as well as of two young people is
I know the typical ones. Maybe we
We were wrong, eh? And that's the impression we got.
Well, neither are we with
them but it's like the typical relationship
like super toxic So they are very jenes
that they are not going to last like they are not going to last that
It's not durable, you understand me. I mean, no.
It's something that will last all the time
life but it is a relationship like that
is destined
to whom they will not be with forever
You know, besides, look, they come from
two sagas that already do not have
nothing to do with it but in the end in the long run
everything takes its toll two sagas that do not
They have a good relationship between sea flowers and
Terelu Campos, that is, zero, eh, zero
relationship let's go is that the faces of telu
He's already trying to hide it, but it's just that another
thing no but it is expressive for a while eh And
look
eh Eh In the end Carlo in relation to
his parents Pichi Pichi Pichi Pichi is not
in the end they are families
unstructured because in the end fame
and separated parents who end up badly
one over there one over there The three
brothers One in jail, the other no longer
Alejandra Rubio is in jail after
a family so media-savvy that the daughters
They sell everything from the cousin's mother
the sister the son to the mother in
television the mother to the son at the end what
type of values even though I don't tell you much
I'm talking about you being a bad person but what
type of values eh you can have left or
either I think or I think so or I think so
lived then
and I don't really know what's going to come out of it
There I feel sorry that I do not doubt that he does not
I'm going to miss You're welcome economically
fact we know In fact we know I don't know if
Someone has commented on it but I don't know who
He told me the other day or I think it was
in private Or I think it has been done
public that good the fact that
Alejandra Rubio are we will see for the
morning was an absolute Plea to have
Campos said it Kiko Ah okay okay that's it
Kiko said that they have also done it to me
commented to me privately but begs
total absolute and that they wanted to place it
and they didn't want to, I didn't want them to go, let's go
Let's see, Ana Rosana, then of course
What happens is that the period is going to be here
from pregnancy post pregnancy but then to
In the end she is what she was for
talk about her pregnancy
child and from the Campos saga she herself as
character but as a collaborator no
has an entity or to speak of
other famous people don't have weight then no
It's like he's not like eh Understand me
alexandro lequio eh Antonio Rossi no
then it has a beginning and a
end unless followed
providing feedback to the rest of the saga
which is what they keep doing that
done I'm going to say something else
Hey, Carmen Borrego's son, that I
I worked with him in viva la vida that to me
I couldn't like it more. I mean, it seems to me.
a boy everyone talks all the time
The world always speaks very well of him, eh?
wow Jose, I'm really telling you, he was a
I love the publications but a charm
I worked in production then I think
that was going up because the last time in
that's life, I was already under control, eh?
with more weight and such as always. Well, well.
man has been given a hand for his
Aunt and her mom just put you in the
chat Sorry now you keep talking about
Jos Mara but they just told you
put in the chat that you do not fall into the
networks of
Javi Don't fall into Javi's networks But
in what
sense to see I in any case usually
Casting the rod, the nets are already like
I have been told this several times
I've sent several messages of that type, I say.
but what
networks Eh Well I'm very bad, don't tell me
They're saying that I'm very bad and and
not me
you know very bad No good man bad no
Let's see, don't whitewash me either, you see it Marta
riesco is like my sacred cow but I
I'm a bit of your sacred cow, eh, I mean, me
you whiten that you have free time
you are saying
My you are telling me to my face that
Marta is your protg and I'm here giving the
cheek but you are my protg no and
I who am then
Hey, well, I don't dislike you. The truth is, I do.
you're starting to fall better
lately [ __ ] What do you want me to
Say that I don't like you, I don't like you
You don't like me better than Jos Mara.
almoguera
You like me better than Marta Riesco
Damn, but that's like mom and dad.
How is it a joke it's a joke man no yes
Well I don't know if I like you better because
Of course one thing is to have more affection
because we have more rose and another thing is
fall
better clear, that is, you know what you
I say like you can see every day
look Let's do one thing let's do
if you didn't have so much trouble with your other
channels I would propose a week with
each one in a rural house and then I
you count on who you keep a house with
each one in one or so Wait wait that
I'm getting
nervous for a week but you end up badly
Not with Lorena, but of course Marta Riesco
with me lock up a rural house after
of what I
He said I wouldn't fall, eh, because I am
super
Loyal but clear I don't know if I'm going to
ban no no good good but it hasn't
answered has not answered I'm falling for you
better than Jos Mara Almoguera
Let's see, one thing is that I fall
better better and something else with whoever has
the more you gnaw the more affection you know, that is to say, clear to you
I am imitating I propose a week
with the two in a rural house recorded
two days two days so you don't lose in
your others
channels What do you think, leave some videos
prepared you tell adas not to mess it up
a lot and two or three more that is
Complicated is complicated if you don't mess it up
You look for his mouth if they don't mess it up, you know
They say that the da olaya I don't know what
la la I don't know how It's that it really is that
like But all this time that I
is giving me no answer Or is this me
It's starting to hurt, even to see.
I like you better because with him it makes
I don't talk much. Besides, you. Well, I like it.
because with him he does because with him he does
I don't talk a lot, or rather if I had
spoken with him this afternoon, you would stay
better
he why you will have such a high ego who
He has raised it so much but what have I done to you?
I haven't told you anything about ego, said nothing about ego.
I asked you who you like best.
It's not about ego, I didn't say that I
it falls on me
same clear is not at all ego is a
ask
you're worth it, hey
and we're going to have finished with Jos
Maria O do you want us to talk about another one?
pregnancy no
There is another pregnancy to talk about.
eh I don't know if you know There isn't that much
wait until mine doesn't arrive
eh Please no Hey well Eh Well well
You imagine a baby with sauce and giving
light recording
We already have one, we already have one who
that you were born do you remember bilch How LL
the nobe no or something like that was vchi or vch
tube or something like that yes
yes well it's good if Lorena you
send to the couch Well, listen to me once
thing that Ah what Jos Mara was
charming So when he married
Paula that I was in the
program People thought there that that
girl as if it didn't suit her as if
No, and as if they were going to last two TVs
diaries I thought so too because
She was seen as very greedy
You know that later, hey, I've seen it, well
I think she seems nice to me, huh?
But I would never have imagined it.
He was never shy, he was always shy
day with the motorcycles with the motorcycles watching
motorcycle stuff I would never have
imagined that he would have made the leap to
public figure but I think he has
said look with the circus that I have the
family here he who does not run flies and has
said I join the clan I'm not sure that
This is not, I mean I don't put my hand in it
fire because this is not a Mon
orchestrated between mother and son because yes
you realize on Friday he hasn't been
excessively has not been excessively
critical of his mother no he has not spoken
really bad from his mother but it is
for her to respond so that there is
plots is that if they don't end up being
the choy ends at the end of the topic
Fields saturates a little and it's like I don't know
suddenly appear in photocall she doesn't
He does not speak ill of his son or that of
She is as they speak but she is not
scandalously not
I don't believe it, I don't believe it, I believe that
that they are bad or that is, they are fighting
but not enough to not enough to get to
to put the mother green I think it goes
more out there you know So they are wrong
In the end it's all money, eh exclusives by
what one says because one sells the pregnancy
Because well man, let's see that Carmen
sheep embarks on the adventure of saying
I'm going to be a grandmother by her nose
exclusively and obviously stays
money instead of Hey, I opened the account
to the child and he is admitted Oh, that's all
money is that it is all money before
family before love is first
that I feel so sorry for myself when I see
That's what I say, I'm lucky and I've had
You know, it's like, what a pity, but oh well
and me and that's what they're saying
in the chat at Christmas all together now
You'll see it, I'm convinced, photos of all of them
together at the house of car celeb such good to
see there is no time, realize that we are
Speaking of which, there are three months left, there is no missing
time man let's see It's that I think that
They are wrong, I don't think they are montages
but not so bad
You know I think they are bad but not that bad.
bad in the end the people of these people
on TV, that's why many of them surprise me.
sometimes the attitude of Antonio Abi with
us with the criticism and that's me
I think that Antonio Abi's attitude is no longer
It is not so much because of the criticism but because it is
escapes from his control he is
accustomed to controlling what is
I did what was not done I'm going to do that
This collaborator releases this so as not to
Sarlo, I am more because look, there is one thing
different between the salsera and telesalseo
no and it's that for example the youtubers
when I criticize them or mess with them
them or I release a news that doesn't suit them
like about them they take it worse than
for example the characters on TV or
be me there are youtubers that maybe you
stop talking or I don't know what you don't know
For example, I have already arrived
moment when they make videos about me
I realized that I don't care, that is, I have
assumed who I am What I do and and
that I give visits not to talk about me
Visit the TV characters
however they are more like that I mean you for
example on TV you fight a lot with
a collaborator or you criticize him a lot
famous or whatever and then you get it
you find look pink when me when
He saw me and with me too yes yes yes yes yes
yes and super bad with me every time I
You see, yes, yes, yes, with me, the same in plan
Jorge Ah Jorge to say that During this
time has also been writing to me
Look, that really surprised me.
also in a super Mao style and such like that
He told me I would have done the same with my
mother and such, look what you have done
not everyone can do their best
because not everyone can do it
allow the best but being able
I allowed the best because it's been a while
irrecoverable you understand me and and you
you would have regretted it if you hadn't
done that but the work is always the same
will be here especially when you have
jobs they will continue to do
counting on you totally totally
What do you think about there being 3000 people?
seeing us and there are not 3000
likes How many likes are there 1644
It's not that I had forgotten that
no no no
no 1600 likes no please is
practically half eh look what
I do and it is not to do what you think
No, no, 1600 likes can't be, it's hard.
this eha is practically half of
Pea has not given it a like. Hey Marina, what?
What do you think about Corrillo? What do you think about
I run around now that I'm watching the
poster over there
I think it seems wonderful to me because
It is like a very colloquial name
close Carmen
fan I have to say I was sub
discoverer not by God what is your
favorite what is your favorite of the
Corrillo Let's see, tell me names, I'll get involved
I always can't help but see it
Alne Carmen de Tel
indiscreet Elena who told me that
when you meet that no no no
I agree with you that I don't know you
still know it is true it is true then
He told me, And let's see when I get it
presents I say I know because I don't know if it is
Elena's chat will be around there.
sure eh
fota sorco tilla has also written to me
and with the floor too Look with Consuelo
Ok I have a favorite but of course
because because yes to acne, to acne and
Carmen who is also the one who but to the rest
To the rest, a kiss too, man, for
please or but that kiss has been like very
Consuelo's not like that and the rest a
kiss no no no please I'm going to tell
Tod is my favorite after Carmen because
It's that Carmen is that please can
exist to someone faster more
most wonderfully ingenious or rather a kiss
Carmen then Alena that I don't know FJ
I think a kiss is very cute because the
The other day I wrote something on the live stream
Who else, Sister, I don't know her either, almost
more than I've ever seen around here
kiss that Elena wrote to me Ah, I already know
I said I don't know her another kiss and
who
No one is missing, they are not calling me, eh?
Wait, maybe for you I don't know
who
is say hello
I'm not going live or who
It's Sorry, I'm marking a
number that I get here on the internet yes
No, but who are you? 657
769 6000 is or not Yes but who are you
Well, I am a lady who is
watching the program and I thought I was
By entering live you are in the
Live right now Ah Javi Olivera You are
you I'm talking to you is that as
I'm watching you talking to Marina Hernar
and he is not listening to you, he is listening to you
listening Marina Hello yes Ah well look
Tell him I'm the lady from here
you glimpse the one who said that it is
Manuela called that Forgive forgive
You said that you Manuela because you
you called Manuela well that clo Let's see no
that one who said her name was
Manuela but of course as very good yes
Her name is Manuela. Let's go. This makes
It's been more than a year since I've been doing this.
watching live and well I know
your grandmother from Vista to Oh, Grandma, how
There's grandma, well, now I'm talking to Mar.
Marina can't talk to you because
clear as you have entered by by by
phone but he's listening to you but
you can't hear her But say
Say Yes Yes, well then tell him that
I'm so sorry for what happened to you.
and when I see her around here if she
I'll give you a hug from me.
Manuel Ortega from here between the tracks ole
I remember badly a kiss on the sidewalk
Remember It's coming up Well, that's all it was
let him know when you are not there
She found out a lot. I heard you.
heard a kiss Manuela heart Many
Thank God
Goodbye Do you remember Oh how beautiful she is
Manuela is that I remember that she saw me
between tracks and I gave, that is, between tracks it is
from the neighborhood where I lived in Valcas in
Madrid, eh, how strong, man, how strong, what
maja la Manuela mm my goodness well that
Oh yes. Oh, the Corrillo thing is what I like.
It seems like an absolute fantasy tomorrow no
Don't forget, I have to talk to them.
Let's see if we do it at 8 or we do it
At 11 I think I would do it, phew. No.
I know I think I would do it at 8.
Corrillo although with Marina I think that
I would do it at 11 I think that
I'm going around at 8, eye eye eye wait
Wait wait, eh, another call is coming in.
Yeah
Tell me who you are. I'm Marta Riesco. What?
What's up, daughter? What's up, how are you?
you look pretty you are live because
Forgive me for not seeing it now.
same because I am in a small town that
I have come to a spa. Thank you, live well.
I'm fine but Marina is over there.
What happens is that because
phone she she does listen to you
but you can't hear her she tells you
I sent the link because you didn't listen to me
where we are in the village it will not be possible
You don't even know the sign because we are in a
small town
small town okay But well she does you
Listen, okay, well, nothing, just
I wanted to tell Marina that I am
super happy that he's back to work
to his things that despite many things
that we have told each other that have happened that
I think she is a great professional and
who has done a beautiful thing at the level
personal for her for her mom and and that
I think it's going to be something that
She will be proud all her life and
I'm super happy that there is
returned even if it is to criticize me no
tell her that you didn't criticize her not because you
You know that here you are my sacred cow
man of course
then but I didn't want to miss it
greet you all and say good morning
nights and above all be very happy about
that a companion returns to where she has to
be in your workplace and
I wish you the best in the world
a lot of strength that will do it Great
that he will face everything super well and
that full throttle with work that
In the end, your mother is sure to be very
proud that she's back
life that's what you have to do Hey
Well, thank you very much. What a thoughtful detail.
The id has made me feel a little bit nice
on end and everything I swear to you eh Tell him d Te
I swear wait he wants to tell you something
Marina But I'm going to tell you because
she doesn't you don't listen to her she waits
he doesn't listen to me, he doesn't listen to me
Listen Tell him a big kiss and
that all the things of the past that are
nonsense side of things
important and I am very glad that you
go too well Marina is almost crying
and says that he really liked your
message and a big kiss and that
all the things of the past remain in
the past because eh these details so
beautiful for example That you have
been talking not in these months no that
I'm glad that things are going well for you too and that you
I'm very glad that you're doing well too. Yes.
I think that in the end we may not be there.
I agree, many things, eh, things that have
happened but eh in the end it is still a thing
a great professional, a good one
journalist and I absolutely empathize with
Everything that happened to her, I worried about her
because damn it's worth it. Yes, they have happened
things but I think the most important thing is
The end is to see a person who is
going through a bad time
and who doesn't empathize with that I love you
To say that for me everything remains there, eh?
there is eye Well but at least in me
family and my life have not educated me
so and I know it has been a very hard process
I talked to her about all this later.
also At the end and it is an example of
strength too You know why in the end
the things that happen to us in life so
hard like the one that happened to her
that things have happened to me, but a lot
less harsh than her and I've left I see
how Marina has turned out so well and is
trying and struggling and being
an example for so many people who in the end
I can't do anything but enter
give him a lot of encouragement I know there will be days
worst best But in the end the secret
life is to keep fighting to keep going
looking forward and I think it's in
the right path and what it should be
make you have to leave the pain behind
at least to one side because it has to
move forward that you have an incredible life ahead
live both personally and professionally
and in the end her mom is what she is
I would like her to do it and she has to
keep going Look, I have my boy
who also lost his mother almost a year ago
one year one year don't tell me yes either
Alejandro Yes and just Yes just lost to
his mother and entered the voice at two
months or three and it took a lot of work
everything and he was in the voice yes and now let's see
If we meet this week it is because
I'm going full throttle, I won't call you because that's it, but
I'm looking forward to you coming here and
Let's talk. Yes, yes, when you want and
I often remember that he has a bad time
obviously but always when it happens to you
something good is remembered He remembers his
mother and what her mother wanted
It also happened very similar to what happened
Marina not that a disease in which
you know what's going on
and you have to keep going Marina
giving birth to you again I give you
permission
not a little while Tell him that before that he didn't
since you need to give birth, eh, I'm here
You know that Teo is already reciprocating Marta Oye
Thank you so much darling, I know that
you're out there having a good time and what?
It's a nice touch that you cut a
just a moment you you you I don't know if they are
vacation or that you are celebrating something or
whatever a little getaway tomorrow
J I said I'm going to take advantage of it then
Thank you so much, I really have
the most excited I like it very much
that you came in and that I sent you a kiss
very big to you and Alejandro and that
We'll talk this week, yes or yes, and that's it.
You know your house is there too, thanks
A huge kiss, a special kiss, sea and
Welcome Goodbye We are happy Goodbye
Thanks. A big kiss.
Thank you Now what? Speak badly of her to me if
You are capable, I have not spoken badly of her to you.
at no time no no it is not what it seems
another Marta no no but let's see of course that
people when they are having a
good time, bad time, but come on
It has moved me, I swear it has moved me
excited because he also told you some
very nice things
and also damn that I know that there is
had a nice detail because it is
disconnected like when I left with
Lorena that I went to Granada for a few days
I know what and completely disconnected and not
you feel like picking up the phone, I don't know
how much and has worried before
Tell me now what time we'll be there
to at least come in and tell you that
What have you said and the truth is that it has
I really liked the nice detail. The truth is
Yes it has been yes I did not expect it
It's true. What a shame that we haven't
been able to interact you know that's what
Of course, but this is telesauce, eh?
that things are so spontaneous and
things that happen here at the salsera already
You know they don't happen anywhere else? Yes
You know what happens, in the end things
From the past, my goodness, I still remember
From that famous live show that seemed like that
Eh In the end they are they are
authentic, not [ __ ], let's see. Understand me.
The affected person feels bad that she
he had a bad time
Of course, for us it is still
work there is obviously a component
human not for them but then they
relativize and that is what I tell you that
In the end, time passes and there is no need to
take it as such and I greatly appreciate your
gesture the same I tell you eh For what
I need it and I have told you the same before
both the good and the bad from the
From beginning to end it seems to me that
I'm glad you're doing well and that
be happy and be stable even though
do not recognize it as being stable and these
These words surprise me very much
positively and I thank you for it
heart and it excites me eh Why not no
It seems like I'm listening to Marta
true eh No and it excites me It seems very
beautiful and I thank you from the bottom of my heart.
true not everything is always going to be given
a brawling cane that I know is what most
moves no and what sells the most sometimes but
but but I don't know I don't know I have
excited the truth because well eh yo
I understand that she will see in the end there is
different types of duels not me
I understand that she and I have also lived
some relationship similar to yours and I know
how it happens or rather I know what it is like to leave
certain relationships and I understand the process
and I understand that it is not easy or there is
losses and losses and there are mourning and
duels and well each Duel has its
process and I'm glad I'm really glad
that she is in another stage and is fine
honestly if week this week the
I had to call yes or yes because yes no longer
It has become clear from talking to her that
It's eh your sacred cow not your your everything but
which has been like this for two years since
I'm here so I already sent the
people message Instagram saying no
You trust, defend Marta and she will leave you
hanging, I don't know, I already answered them
saying I know I know that its its this
It's Marta, but what am I doing?
And let's see, but well, that's how it is for each one.
we connect with some and with others
not so much but well look there it is that
The best thing is at night, maybe there is
any more surprises I don't know maybe
there were some more but well these
These are the things that happen here, I hope
you are enjoying the live stream more than 3000
Marina people here to welcome you and
Well, thank you very much everyone.
that's here eh I'm here no I'm here
looser not looser like gabete yet
as the song says but I'm already more
Let go, I mean, I swear I was
It was literally like that, I say.
my goodness where am I this who is who
What is all this you know that was
hallucinating like I don't know it's very
Let's talk about another pregnancy, okay?
But before I tell you something I know that
Marta is very pleased but I think that in
This is our channel, the people here love me
He loves me more and that's what I got
the affection of all these people to see, to see
you're already getting excited and you just
You've been coming for a day and I think it's from
test You know that the days You know
that first they start How is how is it
called the time of adaptation not of
test we can still regret it
we are still in time to
repent to see what people say
You who do have family, do you like it to be there?
returned to Marina on Sundays
Wednesday or or we were fine like
we were how do you see it? Look for
There, eh, the people. Well, I didn't want you at all.
talk about another pregnancy Because it is that
Of course there has been one thing that has remained
as if it were not being discussed
very much that is the supposed pregnancy of
Sofia
Swedish but this is not this is not me
wrong video This one is not
Yes, yes, I've got this video wrong.
That's not it, this is Barbara Rey's thing and it's
from Sofia
It doesn't matter, I say it here because I
wrong saw and opened another one but
Let's basically say it, Maria Patio
who had just found out that Sofia his
she is pregnant and then Javi deyo
He called Kiko and Kiko told him Javi
I can't help you, I'm at the gym
I'm
training to
See Look When I saw the clip on Twitter
From Maria's story I thought two things
one or you have made the mistake of your life that
It wouldn't be the first time, eye eye, that
None of us are exempt, I was wrong
I could be wrong and everyone or you have
scored a great goal, those two exist
chances are worth one
when Maria tells the news to
even though they are not exactly the 5
It will obviously have repercussions V
You see in some media already questioning
not that I know how it is usually put
When someone gives news if they give it to him
total credibility automatically
means eh sofi like pregnant blah blah
blah blah but most of them were Sofia
suppose pregnant eh And in the and some
headlines were according to Mara Patria in plan
to eh To avoid getting your fingers caught No
look Aha
eh wait i want to teach i want
say one thing, eh, I have to
search because it has made me excessive okay
Hey
Okay then on Sofia's Instagram
when the first reaction is something like this
as such and such comes strong, I don't know what
that you can see and she comes out and she comes out
doing some somersaults So no
acar ni esmi nothing makes me think
in plan the first time has been the
first as a joke, not in a tone
jokingly the boy comes strong to
the first to see and she comes out doing
somersaults I mean like doing several
uncles I  that my wife and she told me that
It doesn't happen either
Nothing, nothing's happening, that's what he told me
Lorena said and this is already like for
not deny the news and Lorena tells me
It doesn't happen either
nothing You know that you know that being
pregnant Lorena per This was without
want or rather it was not on purpose
and you know what it is that what it is that we
It happened that we went to Disneyland while
Lorena is 3 months pregnant
we were we had a trip scheduled
now to Disneyland Paris and then we
we found out that he was there
pregnant Then we went Equally
being pregnant and there was one
attraction that is the Space Mountain that
It's like a space mountain.
Mountain space mountain okay that is
like a very heavy roller coaster What
It happens that the way it is inside is not a
roller coaster out from above if it is not
inside inside below is worth Y
clear the door is entering the
attraction because we told him Hey this is this
attraction she is pregnant this
attraction is fine, of course I say to the
better is a virtual reality that is what
that I believed but as I didn't see the
roller coaster on the outside because I thought that
It would be a virtual reality And then
He takes it and says, "Yes, yes, go ahead and that's it." And that was it.
somersaults that
you flip out and there she is, the girl is all right
Come on, nothing happened, yes, I attest, I attest, I attest
faith eh but listen to me one thing eh okay
but look, look, look, look how it has been
the role they have now
noome the space
Mountain in Space Mountain I didn't go with
my grandparents when I was younger but
No, I'm not in Space Mountain.
sounds No that's for adults Or also
for
children, let's see, I think that children
They can ride as long as they are not like
Leo for example, that is, children in plan
Well, I think Leo. Well, I don't know.
I know not as much as the Leo as small as
Leo, maybe not a little more
not super heavy, it did a lot of somersaults and
that but well you'll see Okay and here is the
girl you are absolutely right the thing is that
Kiko
F the one who is snogging is the father but the girl
the father is whole
really here there are two options churra las
options are Kiko playing the
ambiguity today that with some diapers but
then saying that they were for the dog
such and such Sofia with that
video today did not finish sea or
deny and I have two options that
one of the two is going to be fulfilled one that
At some point we will see them finish it
denying eh eh but it doesn't have much
sense that they haven't done it already or two And
This is the one I give Almost almost almost to be
so good and everyone is attentive
Today is Sunday and we will comment on it.
Wednesday morning
I have the magazine Clara magazine readings
both on the cover
eh I'm very sure if it's like that's why
They are playing with total ambiguity
because silence, absolute silence
It would be like confirming it by playing the
ambiguity because I am absolutely sure that
yes it is yes Wednesday magazine readings
two on the cover Kiko holding Sofia
the no tummy in plan we are Super
excited or we are going to I'm sure
Also in readings it does not fail, it is that it does not
fails Wednesday morning all the
world attentive to readings 100%
And what else? What else? Because let's see them.
realize who parents and then
see good time have ages Yes I could
let's see if they have a relationship
a little complicated a little complicated not a
not very peculiar
eh it's like it's been there for a long time
together but each one lives as a
separate space although they stay in the
same house as hers but it's his
but it is like it is like an action
It's strange that each one has his own space
eh but always together then really
They generally don't have to because it's that
It's real, they don't have anything good about it.
In general, the two do not have friends
true neither of the two links
real genuine true friendships
strong above all she I believe with
no one, that is to say those who have ever given that
they do some survivor work or even
with Roco Carrasco and such that we have seen
but they don't have real friends that
know each other you know it's like always they
dogs like many animals and such
I think it's great, you know, but it's like
a little weird Then these relationships
Well there I do know But well Sergi
for example that he is like my brother no No
Look at the places they called him when
all this hurricane of the social issue and
the family but did not want to enter or
wants to come in and I'm going to respect it
no topic related to this but
Of course, in the end we are talking about
totally broken family but
come on, I know, but from a family that
Come on God, anyone would pray not to
have a family So much on the part of
Christian As on the mother's side as
on the part of the daughter as well as on the part of
Kiko is that I don't know which of the four
wouldn't take me anywhere or with me
Who would go with anyone before and
final Well, it is a relationship that is
stable that is sitting I think that
Kiko eer exercises some control over
I think she is safe, years ago she wasn't
as it is now I think that when he wants
He can be quite a bad person, okay?
She's going to say little girl but she looks like she's little girl
perfectly in survivors it has been
let see eh how it is I think it has
been a very bad person himself
Morena psychologist was and even with
Marta Peate knows very well how to get
How to hit where it hurts the most, also to me
I know that every time a person goes
reality has fully studied it
What to do with whom How and when If
then she has Kiko who has her
fully protect the dishes that are
It performs very well on television and
I wouldn't like to meet a person
so and even on television I see it very
forced very unnatural I liked it a long time ago
years now I absolutely do not like it
nothing but not even on social networks
It's just that it doesn't convey authenticity to me.
nor naturalness because that type of people
For me they are a zero that is going to have a
son, well, perfect, to me sincerely
It doesn't matter, so I hope they do very well.
They have sent me They have sent me this t
indiscreet because it has been denied and
I don't see this as a denial.
I see it as a confirmation rather than a
denied Because look say it is that I
I see it ambiguous, I see it ambiguous. Let's see. Look.
He says do you see my father's face?
suddenly put on a father face Haha
jokes I don't know what I have to say that is
false okay I don't know where it came from
news suddenly breaks the news without
contrast Because that news now of
suddenly I don't know what But there is a detail
that catches my attention and says
and it is a pretty one, it would be pretty to be real
but of course and now he says, "Oh, I'm
They call Where is Mira they can call me
I pick up the phone so
kindly and I tell you Hey it's fake and no
nothing happens, the issue is settled but of course it is
Yes, they called him Javi de Hoyo.
called him and he said that he was in
the gym that couldn't
take care of him, man, you know why he does it
That was obviously not well done by Javi.
But he works on a show and it's not
that he could not attend to you if they called him from
party Of course they will serve you because
works for party and works for that
program
Eh then eh eh I I these words
from me, that is, if it sounds familiar, I'll tell you one
thing if we see them on Wednesday
readings party to see can understand the
value that has an exclusive But you
I say it will bounce if we see it
readings after these statements
Because yes, because it's like, let's see, they can
understand it and that after reading it you will not
be that he has spoken after after or that is
behind the scenes with the production company of
Hey I have this exclusive and then Here
development although later sometimes
After the exclusives it depends on no
I know how it will work, they can tell you
boy, a week without talking about this topic
you know or sometimes they tell you about this
exclusive and the weekend that is
When has this been This is this this of
kikon let's go it's been today it's been today yes
today Ah okay so if it comes out
Wednesday, eh, you have to leave him one
issued to the magazine you know not the same
Wednesday afternoon you won't be there
talking about this topic then you know no
I know it's weird it's weird eh Because I love you
say knowing Sofia as if there were
been if it's a lie I don't know eh I don't know no
It costs so much to call. Hey, this isn't like that.
I don't know why they play at ambiguity
because to capture and generate more attention
more more aspect to see what thing of
moving very well on television is very
good for TV
for this but or rather or rather take and and no
wants to answer Javi de Hoyo for
deny such a thing and now at the party
Eh well of course in his program of course he
He knows that it is due to his program that
true is right now only in
party is not even in the great debates
Brother, I am surprised and at the party you
I'm going to say one thing, there will have been negotiations if
He is a little more telegenic than usual
but I'll tell you what will break in
party with what it was that everyone was there
the sadists Well, at the party he will charge because
I know what they pay in the evenings there.
will be charging a maximum of 500 te
It may seem like a lot, but it is not for a purpose.
A weekday afternoon is not a good time.
I mean on average and they pay you 300-400
Well, it will be 500 equal to 600 and they are no more
sites Not right now I believe There is more room
is charging 3,3000 a month to be
it is very little
clear for the pace of life they lead
2000 and something a month what they take from you no
I know, eh, I don't know why, K, of course it is that
There are not many options left either.
Tele5, that is, this Big Brother who has me
surprised that he isn't He is so great
herm s no no no was in the vi me ha
surprised that he's not on Big Brother
he was he was arguing with
Adara much no no it was not in Big Brother
was survivors was not superv is is
survivor commented survivor is
that in the end Big Brother I started it
comment and started that video with
commenting on it but they are on Friday in
Big Brother I love this year
I'm cheating
well well It never ends for me eng or rather
There have been two or three attempts that I have
I had to get hooked on reality and I didn't
I'm hooked again with how I feel
I was hooked at the time with Big Brother
and we have tried this because
we wanted to make a Lorena and
I was commenting on it and we started, I think.
that the first video of the first day and
I think another one after the end of
week and then we don't
I was interested because I was lazy, that is
It was already when you had to feel the
obligation to sit down and watch it. It's that I
For example, now I have it clear here
I have here pending now to see the
HBO documentary to discuss tomorrow
about Daniel Sanchez's deo no no the one about
Daniel Sancho's HBO that came out on
third episode this weekend
So Ah vo come out third I have not
I saw it now and I'm going to see it, I don't know if now
Or I'll see it tomorrow and comment on it.
Tomorrow here on Telesalseo, surely
Okay
eh But that big brother no no no
that no, that has not hooked me
first days look what I said well
the cting looks good, I don't know, but what not
No, then listen to me, it is there but
Of course I think it also has to do with
your live rhythm stops here
that you don't either
I may have other interesting things, that is
to remove me from a live broadcast
sauce shop to put me vran in hand
I prefer to go to the salseria. Yes, I do.
No, no, I understand you, I understand you.
But I must say that it is very good.
fact, the typical I don't know things are seen again
If the people here, I don't know if
will be following because it is here among
sauce and is not on GH right now
is giving the debate
but but it is to me yes
that is there, yes, eh, I swear it is there
those typical plots of someone who
They are In fact there are They are That is, I am
seeing behaviors me and the O is the
people in general of bullying of Hay
one that is also from Cantabria vle
representation that each thing has
in other This on another occasion was
disciplinary expulsion but of
the outrageous rides of a boy from
Oscar, it's not that I like him very much.
good bullying behaviors
horrible that I say my goodness how do you know
allows this today yes yes it has
plots plots well but but well yes
It is true that I believe that television is already
It's not what it used to be and every time, eh
the platforms And these ways of life are
They are going to make the topic more popular
podcast the topic that good talking about the
podcast theme You know who I remembered?
another day apart from you being me
ignoring you no no I'm ignoring you I'm not ignoring you
I'm not ignoring Carlota at all.
slide
because you get very intense, eh, I mean,
plan
and you don't let me look at my phone for a moment
moment or rather I don't really know or rather what
I give you
that you usually put yourselves so Yes yes as very
intense no I mean like look for a moment
the mobile is you are not paying attention to me
yja I'm looking at the phone for a moment
to see if they are telling me something
important not what it says on the screen Tell me
have you remembered Carlota corredera you
I'm listening perfectly clearly
that I remembered Carlota Corredera And
I thought it would have been worth it
Shame because I really don't know.
Hey, I don't think I follow your podcast.
doing your podcast no no seg that is no
no, I uploaded a chapter like this and such
You know, but it was worth it, well, no.
but in the end he will regret it
a lot eh Even though she never
He's going to say it, okay. He won't get off his high horse.
because I would recognize it if I have done
something bad something that never never never
never never going to say it but for for
more than how about He'll never admit it
He's never going to say it and he'll surely
despite and will say why the hell did I get into this?
What the hell did I do this for?
older the older I the first I the
because she believes that it was going to come out
On the contrary, she believed that this was going to happen
to be the change even of ideology of
a whole country I think she and she the
flag That is, the whole country
you understand eh pathetic the truth pathetic
So I see for example the bac
Carrillo on Spanish television and me
I'm glad that I'm not so glad in the end it's a
collaborator it is true I did not have that much
authority for example good Mara Patio
not the same, not as much, but good too
also no no so much worth it is that yes that
I also normally say these people, oh
It sounded to me like one you've heard
something has sounded like a
alert but I don't know why Ah well
Look, PR has been heard around here as if
Twitch I don't know better out there well I don't know no
I know the truth, I don't know what the hell that was
you have heard Well I am
You know what happened to me yesterday? Marina has filled
that you have already told it and I have already told you
heard You'll see You'll see about the dog
that your house was flooded
no no, the dog's thing, the dog's thing, yours
friend, what about your mother, what about the mother of
your friend no no no you didn't do it with the dog
seen it was last night it was last night I told it
last night the salseria that last night was good
last night not Friday okay not us
We had left the dog at my house
father is worth the dog and the children
I left at my father's house on Thursday and
Because on Friday we had to have
Here a work from 7 in the morning and
the workers here all day and such so that
so that they weren't around here and
when we went to pick him up at night
The Dog was doing strange things
dog was not well he was weird look at him
first was that he went to a plate and
I suck it, I take a plate from the table and
He never does that, you know, he doesn't take things from
our dishes or anything like that and we don't
could have avoided it, he went for a fum fum dish
and licked it okay And then he spoke the plate
no food remains I don't know what it was
specific dish but I licked it like
very hungry is worth a lot and then
He went to a corner and Lorena
Oh, he's very strange, he has a strange look.
He's acting so weird, I don't know what he was doing.
strange as if he was breathing strangely, he was moving
It was strange that he went back and forth
I don't know what I don't know how much no Ah Well come on
Let's go to I went to take him urgently.
Friday at night that's why I didn't do it
I went straight to take the emergency and
Do you know what was wrong with the dog?
has dilated pupils that had
taken had eaten a
Hey, but don't laugh at my dog.
had eaten a poor joint
I had eaten a joint, I take it for granted
that it is a joint because I am clear
directly says let's see if it has been possible
eat a joint or cocaine or an MD
but of course I understand that it will be a joint, right?
because in fact a bag of cocaine that
has fallen to someone who also
I think it is a very common thing that
It doesn't fall to people but I understand that
a joint is like more Maybe my father
He has walked her around the neighborhood for
down the alley maybe he'll put on the
girl tillos smoking cigarette and maybe
not a stone like that and it will have smelled
he and this proves it
everything was clear, it was in order with the eyes
so but of course the dogs reacted like that
otherwise he had eaten a joint
But your but the joint was in your
home no if I don't smoke or tobacco man
Neither my parents either Ah from the street And to
who has a but a made joint
like the clinita scum
street clown I don't smoke weed I don't
I smoke weed, what I was missing was smoking weed.
I'm already here in [ __ ] Parra, eh, I don't
could But wait he has eaten one
like the typical chusca that no man no
I think he decided to eat one
I smoke, what suits me best is
that he has taken a big rock
Pedrolo, you understand me clearly, damn it.
I don't think so. Or is that disgusting? Let's see if
It is true that it is usually done. But what about the
people who throw stones around
a pedrolo is more likely to have been
fallen, a stone has not fallen on him
someone and this one has taken and said
This smells so good, I'm going to try it p is
that what suits me is not, that is not
I understand. Well, it's quite common. He says.
Carmen says, I mean, damn, the vet, such and such
And when he saw it he told me to smoke at home
joints and I say, how indiscreet
What an indiscreet question
indiscreet in the chat My dog too
It happened to him and he went for a cigarette butt
clear street, let's see, don't try to stay
well F I'm a jerk
convinced how it's going to be a pedrolo
host but for a scumbag for one
Chusta's purple doesn't last that long
and apart from that, it's disgusting, not a single piece of [ __ ] is going to
eat unless it was mixed
with something you know but of course it fits me
The more a Pedrolo seems more appealing to me
of those that smell good, square like this
It looks like chocolate, right? And now he tells me
the veterinarian of the pull begins to
look at it clearly Because the dog is also
suddenly super random cried and hit a
I screamed and cried, you stroked him and he cried and
What's wrong with you, man? I mean, I tell him.
something hurts something has broken something has broken
made a scratch with something clear and such the
veterinarian as he saw it said
you have cocaine at home or smoke a joint and
I say, wow, what face has this one seen on me?
Of course I say this one has seen me, what do I know?
He paints it badly with the mustache and says no
It's not that this one has eaten anything, of course.
No, no, I swear it happened like that, 70 bucks to me
charged eh for the consultation, let's see
If that member of the gang comes here,
being a member that cost me 70 bucks
funny eh the little while of the por of the joint
The child's 70 bucks was pricked by something, I don't know
what would it be, would it be gold? It would prick him
clear gold no no in being equal they gave it
the Bed but they still gave him that drink
that they give us that they give us as if I
out When you go with alcoholic coma I don't know
It's just that I'm imagining no no of course
Tell me if you want If you want tomorrow
after bringing it, we do an analysis
I say 70 bucks that it cost me
has charged here because this is F a
joint
but you have brought it to him and what is it?
What have they done to him? Exactly no, no.
After a while it went away The purple went away
but how did you know that was because they are
Veterinarian, I don't know, Marina, well,
you know No V a dog already in his head
come like this the first thing they ask you is
If he has pupils like Juan, then
obviously
This dog is not doing well, it is not doing well
clear run through the halls very strange and
Plus he was breathing and all that stuff.
Of course, I know, well they know, right?
They are veterinarians, that's what they have
studied of course let's see but you but but
You imagined that it could be something
That man I didn't imagine I didn't
I imagined of course, let's see, wait, I'm sure that
is
Lorena, what are you going to say about Ay a Es?
Look, we send a kiss to Inara
I don't know if you know her, but I know she is
moderator and aote that is usually in the
used to be in you heard no more
used to be in the I'm please I'm
I was amazed. I'm sorry it was
suddenly so that you see that it is not
we know where we are we have to
take life like this not many times no And
aote that aote was like very critical
with me it was very like I don't know, I don't know
I would very much like not to and
and and then I was talking to
ainara the same afternoon via WhatsApp that
I was sending videos and stuff from
nonsense that people were saying
of me and after a while I see the news in
Twitter and I say I'm talking to Ainara
It can't be that normal and it was true that
He left, I sent a kiss to Ini and I
writes Javi Thank you very much for telling it
of the tyrion who made me laugh and I believed
that it was impossible as I am I love it
Marina's return makes you laugh a lot
contagious you see it as we had to
make Marina give me a huge kiss and a
a lot to m azot was wonderful to me
I loved it I'm so sorry from the bottom of my heart nothing nothing
Javi, now you're going to have to take it out.
with a bucket says the sorco tilla no no with
Pozal also eats the chusta like this
Of course, let's see, Sorco, tilla, you ...
Has the cat ever come
purple for home or what is it that you
Imagine I can't imagine it
to tyrion It's that it's that it's that it's that you
Imagine It's that it's that Sorry or whatever
How funny I feel when I laugh, Terelu.
So I look more and more like her, eh?
That sense, of course, but I'm getting
imagining Thanks for telling this about
joint Yes please
little porito my uncle eh Poor little mion but
that nothing has happened to him please but
that ASSUMES that it has been a joke no no
you
noski ASSUMES that it has been a joke and the
people know that it has been a piece of [ __ ]
It's a joke but one suits me better
pedrola a pedrola that looks like chocolate
that he fell and he saw her
Petito because it smells, not because it smells good
No, I don't know that a [ __ ], a [ __ ]
I think I don't know, but well, I never do.
we will never know because later
He said in I don't know how many hours you will see that
He expels it and it is sneaking in here that
I come and start registering now
dog turd you know too no no
because he says no he is not going to expel him I don't know
Yes, I am already aware of the
dog poops to see if he throws it up or not
If you throw it away, it will turn purple inside you.
in a while no, well that's it and when I
I woke up the dog was Flama is on
damn, as always the bastard eh
in note now my poor father
feeling guilty the poor man already how
It's tiri how
FES is with my father. Of course, because I know
I leave it to myself, I almost never do it anymore.
I leave him in daycare because my father has
caught that he likes to stay with a lot
Tyrion and he really likes to keep it and
and when I go on a trip or whatever
I leave it to him. Then my father, of course.
I was with my father and he felt guilty
the poor guy Oh tell me he's okay I don't know what
all worried you know I say he has smoked
a joint dad has come out you have come out
a bit of a scoundrel is everything he has suffered
with with one for now now You're going to do it
having to put up with others but so what
you but And what did he tell you? And what did he tell you?
When you told him, he didn't stay stiff.
I don't know, let's see, I don't know what the dog is
You also know not the dogs Hey let's go
to talk about the last topic before brothers
that is that I do not want to leave this in the
inkwell
Well now it seems that it is cl
that we almost left without mentioning it
sailor cloth, kid, I haven't mentioned it
much I live because it doesn't have
a long time but now I take advantage of fabric
Sailor girl, what do you think? Tell me. I mean.
For me in particular, there are a few here
of photos that seem to me not and there will be I am
I'm sure there will be more what you know about it
What surprises me the most is to see something that
We all know but they say it's not even the
5% eh Of course of course of course of course no
He is dumb, in fact he is super smart.
seeing it is shocking, right? Because everyone
we all knew
but what is it, eh? Look, Angel.
And how clever, good clever, isn't it?
I am not even the nickname for it has also been
very clever in sending it as in a
Angel magazine no no no acts in a way eh
casual every step he takes he takes by
some reason and this publication obviously in
Spain was not going to be able to be in any magazine
Also, it is true that it is clear now
This may not matter to Angel
But this is going to have consequences.
legal because this is private property
These photos are private, well he went and
This Look this is like a topic that I
remember
that had legal consequences of
These private ones, you remember, well, messes of
Here is the character of Papachis with
famous private non-private photos no
photos inidad this I think that Angel
It's going to come out a little Ah but it's good
that in the end, of course, what's what
from this clearing the Diego [ __ ]
Clear clear clear So this
It is obviously a scandal But look
Here all the ingredients come together
heart dam
everything that is hidden is blackmail
blackmail
eh And I'll tell you Angel How do I explain the
another day with the good This is a bit the
recreation of how he took those photos with
what camera do you think a kid is?
I find it super heavy what I think
It is surprising that he managed to do it
those photographs because always the king
A king is always accompanied by
always escort even someone although
be the son of Barbara x and more so in
At that time you risk getting a
I shoot but literally, I mean, I don't know
as literally did not happen to Angel
nothing the day he took these photographs
I don't understand it, that is, I literally don't understand it.
I understand but
and apart from that, well at this point already the
Queen Sofia But she is still a
Public humiliation for Queen Sofia
Although we know that marriage
It's been broken for many years but it's still there
being eh Barbara
Very strong king is strong that
She is obviously a woman who does
She has evidently been mistreated by her
husband who obviously yes but she Eh
Well, this doesn't serve one thing to the other.
for the other no but she eh For me it is
an aunt who has also committed a thousand
mistakes and also the scams
blackmail with him, I mean, eh, I love you
to say that neither one is as good nor the other
They are so bad, not even I in the end
I better see what's happening to Sofia from there.
It's that Sofia blindly supports her
mother and Angel is a bit like the bad guy
and notice that Angel has things and sees him
a very cold uncle Angel Cristo, very such
But I love to see him.
I consider myself a very intelligent guy and hey
It also has its truth too
young boy to subject him to this type of
things eh to take some photos these photos
or take some photos of him almost practicing
supposedly sex with I don't know who eh No
I know it seems to me that I believe that the
The two kids were also victims
and well it is strong the images are
heavies eh They are heavies I mean you
Imagine, huh. There's a lot of heavy stuff here.
because look first of all eh always
I have always believed her in this sense
that she was with the king
This story is from the
King I have always believed her Not me always
I believed that this story was true and
that she was with the king, okay, but
Of course there were probably a lot of people who
I had doubts even in spite of everything
what has been said and all the indications that
there was and so on but now with images it is
How can you not doubt, or is this what you believe?
that someone doubted if it was Era let's go Well
take Yes yes sure eh sure but for
Did anyone doubt that he takes the image of
both are very shocking to see the king of
Spain to Juancar rolling with the
Barbara Rey but seen in pictures
literally it's not ia it's true pum the
real images then eh shocking
Also, I don't want to offend, but I
I really think very badly of her.
I agree with her on the issue of abuse
from Christ to him and evidently passes it to me
But that doesn't mean it's a good one.
person does not imply that there is any person
Of course not. Well, of course, let's see, here we are.
Speaking of a person, of course, I
reality When I saw the Antena 3 series
and of course I imagined that I was
with Juanca when Juanca was in
his younger years in an attractive plan but I
you talk about the series the series in which
She made it to her measure, do you want?
say yes but well I mean Juanca
being a little more attractive has never
been as attractive as his son but
man a little better to see but clear
I'm already seeing a Juanca here.
which has everything but attractiveness
crepito No yes he was already older yes
So you're with him because he's the king, right?
What Or you like his personality or that is he is
that doesn't make sense, not with how well
Barbara had no men, that is to say,
dab or was passionate about morb la
adrenaline or something but you don't have
afraid to say that if it is a reality
that we all know, but yes
out clo No longer but a man who is not
damn he was the king you're with him because
the king and now then on top of that what this
It is no longer blamed on her. Of course it is
In any case, blame him and the little
Shame on us in this country, huh?
that it is taken and has been paid if it is
It is true what is said that he has been
paid this lady 600 million
peseta I imagine it's not 600
millions no Yes well of course of the
Of course,
How many euros I have not calculated then
600 million
pesetas eh 3.4 million euros
And on top of the time, eh, of course, of course.
that would be worth a lot now
no more no wait Sorry sorry sorry
I calculate I think there are four
600 I don't know, that is, wait wait 600
million not 600
millions yes 3 million 3700
300,000 that's the time eh but of course
that came out of us and then we
is [ __ ] forgive me for the expression
in taxes they are not necessary, I don't know
I don't know how good it is that if we
we start to debate about that which we have here
eight of these sauces would have to be made
separate channel is that I think there is no
debate directly that I think is not appropriate
debate buo it seems it seems that yes I see
on Twitter debates that seem absurd to me
I mean, but come on, let it be there
paid that this has been paid and to
the final has come out the worst is that
In the end it came out but well in the case
of has been So that we have this
paid for us Look says tel
indiscreet Corina took
65 million euros Yes, of course, of course
clear clear clear clear let's see
Obviously the king is to blame but
of course he/she
Well you know, no, of course, she takes it well.
caught Of course She caught him knowing that
public money but of course what will it be
she catches it this is like the one who catches it
a pay or a help you know but oh well
but Estela Estela that now then you
You do anything you know you do the minimum
the minimum and you'll pay for it now
but very expensive yes yes of course It is not clear
that justice is not equal for all
but we are not going to see it at all.
What Sofia has said about this topic? Oh
wait sorry I'm not sharing
Sofia Cristo [ __ ] Ah in public mirror
right, damn, how handsome you are playing
and I emphasize again Sofia Barbara
and I say it, not Lidia says it.
It's not important who commercializes it
The important thing is who records it and with
what clear end and who has benefited
because I have dedicated myself to this and I have
sold material too and it's not my fault
It is the one who transmits that does it and
Whoever broadcasts it now, Lidia would be angry.
with me But after listening to Sofia I
I would never sell some photos Sofia very
Good morning Good morning never said better
get off the plane to ask you how you are
well well well thank you ask you how
you're wrong Well we're still here
processing in shock is that we are going to dem
send him both the magazine and the magazine
Dutch and all the media here
echo and publish the images
They are also going to be sued but in
anyway evil exists and it
You are seeing how a child can
get to do this with a mother
and for for is worth second
Hello, okay, one second, she says, stop.
says he's going to sue that this is what
which makes me laugh a lot, says can
I understand demanding so much from him
Dutch magazine I understand it as a
all the media here that are being
echoing Then you're going to sue
also to the program for which you
you work that is a public mirror that while
you were giving your testimony
opinion on this whole matter had
background the cover of the Dutch magazine
I ask, what do you mean by absurd?
totally say that you are going to sue
all those who are echoing it
has a route, it has no meaning
because you are the first one who is
talking about it doesn't make sense I understand
a little clear pissed off is the first one
the first reaction is probably not
and also tries to stop it
unstoppable you know how to try
Total Laista Medel Yes, of course
obviously but of course you are going to
to make everyone sue everyone
the youtubers to all the twitterers to
everyone has no sense is mu son
The images are so viral that they can no longer be used
stop in fact I think that at some point
more will come out at some point Ah
Of course Angel goes step by step
distributing everything at once from which
It always goes, every month a brushstroke
one thing another he goes billing the truth
that has a coconut I could not be so
cold eh the truth is how I envy sometimes
that but well his privacy his
privacy your life eh And you have to be bad
person I can't say anything more about it
I thought alu you all know who the head
thinking but my brother also does
you know my brother my brother He is there
more people behind And what are you from?
TR group no So you are not the head
thinking of you I can help you It's that my
mother is being abused by me
brother for my father and for my brother and
Of course. Well, many more things than
I'm not going to tell But of course my
brother is a psychologically abused person who
This is what he is doing to my mother
I imagine that a lawsuit carries a penalty of imprisonment.
I hope Thank you until
then it is not a demand it is
a clear complaint, let's see. It's that let's see
I think this prison can be punishable
from prison but but for it to come to
go to jail I see it quite a lot
complicated listen to me let's think that it is a
a topic that brings many interests behind it
that you are involving the boss
of the state that is no longer that in plan that
I'm taking out Understand me to Marilo. That is
that we are already talking about something much
higher and the interests Well, I don't know
how far they can go and until
what an extent Angel Cristo has been brave
or hunt that seems great to me Because
thanks to that we are all together
here giving feedback and we are
commenting on these images
impressive to see I understand
Hey what?
Sofia has that because she supports her
mother loves her mother I understand that
she has that anger And
That's a [ __ ] thing. But in the end I wish him the
jail your brother man I understand that
when you uncover not the the secret The
That one, that one is that one who already has many things
It already has several things, yes, eh. Yes, it's like
that goes on and on and on and in the end the
mother the image of the mother the image of
the mother has destroyed it or rather I have
A thought from Barbara, I bet you don't know
What I'm telling you is difficult, I think that
mother man the mother has had times and
Obviously there is no need to watch the series
journalists of the time who have lived
the stage of Brbara Rey el Cristo and not
Chelo Garca only counted
and even Barbara herself
He also justified whether it is from a book
justified the Angel Cristo himself
husband who still loved her, so that's what
It's a textbook case. I mean, it's clear that there
There was abuse, but the children
Well, Angel has acted as he has.
acted I think he has made a mistake in
several occasions and in fact I see him very
cold but there are times when I see one
the typical one or I want to see the typical one
person who as a child has felt like
little validated little little loved or
neglected and in the end it is like
a broken wounded child asking for help and that
sometimes he makes mistakes and screws up and
and others try, well, and I think
that Sofia in this video blames a little on
his to his partner Ana is an indirect his
woman when referring to head
thinking I think it refers a little
I want to think that it refers to I don't know
who does he mean when he says head
thinking because it's always like they
They have seen the angel couple as a
little bit of its main and Uf its main
enemy
eh I don't know I don't particularly like him
Well, she's Angel's partner, but come on
I don't know, I think I see Angel with
enough personality to cope
to everything to everything it's just eh of course it is
a family that I see broken and that is not
I think it would take years
for that to come back together or me
I think that never after this step
I think Angel has finished his own
level grave if one existed
possibility of Reconciliation you do not
Do you believe it? Because I'm going.
eh, that thing about that is for life
clear how have you been on your first day
Cole's Well look at the first day of the queue
It's cool, I've made lots of friends 3000
and a peak of friends and nothing with you very well
Even though I see that there are things that do not change
How can you be Marta? Well, I have.
accepted before did not accept it invited this
week eh to Marta Marta to come
This week the talk had invited her
this week let's see tomorrow tomorrow we are here
in the corralillo don't forget
People during the day I will tell you the time
I think I'll do it at 8, okay if you're there.
Okay my colleagues, I'll do it at
8 surely the corralillo is worth it
the chat with all these people reviewing
the latest topics of the heart and
debating and a discussion is worth it later with
Marina, I'll see you again on Wednesday.
Then I'll try to meet up with Marta.
Tuesday or Tuesday or Thursday surely
Okay then so that he finds out or is
What does G have for tomorrow I don't have
gym I'm dumb I'm dumb tomorrow
Hey, he just wrote to me.
This week we train from Tuesday to
Friday, that is, I don't have tomorrow
I don't have a gym tomorrow. So
that tomorrow the corralillo is at 10
Carmen you are coming tomorrow Elena Alanne
Who comes to see the manifestations of those who
you are out there by the
chat listen to me and what time is Wednesday
we have set it So on Wednesday I
what you say at 8 or at 8
At 11 o'clock the votes were 54
for the rest the 11 that are 46
No, what do you prefer? You're going to be mutated from
11 no because we finish at 1 no
we do it for an hour and a bit at
8 come on Wednesday No I don't have to
Ok Wednesday ok we do it at
8 is done and I'm leaving here I'm leaving
running to the gym is worth as much
I'm done, okay? Come on, let's try at 8.
come
Come on, a kiss, beautiful, having you has me
I loved it, I loved it. This first one
a big kiss to everyone every day
8:5 for me to go to for me to go to the
10-5 8 min minute 8 min c Okay then
people people are saying no no no
no no no no no but if you are saying
if you have voted if you have voted all the
world to see It's that it breaks me that
you [ __ ] at 10 but of course it's not
I'm going to stop training, that's because I'm not going to
stop training Manu of course we
as we are used to 10:30 That is
people who prefer
11 Clearly, like after dinner
no and all that or what I for me the one that
You say it, but of course the votes
They came out at 54 by 8 that's why I
Man, I prefer the 11 because of the issue of
that then for example now today for
example 15 more minutes have passed Hey
Well, if for whatever reason you don't have the
hurry that I have to run away to
minus three you understand me but oh well
Let's see, no, or at 11 most of the time.
They put it at 11. Now you know what the plan is.
11 as best no yes Come on then the 11
Wednesday doesn't come. Hey, it didn't go badly.
It hasn't gone badly, many people have come to
receiving you has been very cool
It's been very good, thank you very much
See you all at 11 on Wednesday
at 11 at home like the great series of
Obregn that we also have to talk
of her someday because wow. And that's it.
What a pleasure to see you again at 11
Come on, see you on Wednesday.
Without Walking But well we can sing it
We too, that's what you said.
coming soon
[Music]
for what I read
B
[Music]
w